
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                       April 3, 2012 Tuesday 2:04 PM EST

Toronto Mayor urges by-law enforcement of off-leash dogs in city

LENGTH: 305 words


During his radio talk show Sunday, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he has received
numerous calls about dog owners who do not have a leash on their dogs. He has
now ordered Toronto Animal Services to enforce the by-law.

Is this sheer terrier for dog owners or have the people of Toronto gotten hot
under the collie because of dogs that are not on a leash? Toronto Mayor Rob Ford
has issued a warning to dog owners in the city: keep your dog on a leash or pay
a fine of $240 for breaking the by-law.

Speaking on his radio show on Newstalk 1010, the mayor explained that he has
received numerous calls about people breaking the by-law and not having it
enforced. This led the mayor to say that even though he loves dog, there may be
a crackdown in the coming weeks.

The mayor has said he has been told a couple of kids have been bitten by dogs,
which were off-leash. A blitz is being enforced and, according to the Toronto
Animal Services, about 10 by-law officers will be out and about enforcing the
by-law.

"I love dogs, but I've got an overwhelming number of calls in the last two
weeks; I guess with the good weather people are letting their dogs run loose
through the parks," Ford told reporters Monday, reports the Toronto Sun.

"Two kids got bit and I just want to tell people I've informed animal services
and bylaw to go out and make sure you remind people to keep their dogs on their
leash. I don't want to be heavy-handed and say, 'You know, start fining people,'
but I want to make sure they've been warned."

The Toronto Animal Services says complaints spike at this time of year and most
of the grievances are yappy dogs, dog poop, aggressive dogs and off-leash dogs.
Dog owners can also be fined if their leash is longer than two metres. There
are, however, 50 designated dog parks in Toronto.

What do you think about this by-law?


LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 Digital Journal


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Actor

                       April 2, 2012 Monday 11:33 PM EST

Dogs on Stage: "If an animal can deal with an animal shelter, doing eight shows
a week is a breeze"

LENGTH: 303 words


Pets are no strangers to the stage. Dogs often steal the spotlight from their
human costars in shows like Annie and The Two Gentlemen of Verona. William
Berloni runs a company (William Berloni Theatrical Animals) in order to supply
productions with the perfect animals. He found the original Sandy for Annie 35
years ago, and is currently training dogs for the upcoming Broadway revival of
the show.

In an interview with Yahoo!, Berloni explained that he uses rescue dogs because
"you can't find a more stressful situation for a dog than an animal shelter," he
said.

"What I look for are dogs that are dealing with that stress. If an animal can
deal with an animal shelter, doing eight shows a week is a breeze. Those are the
dogs I gravitate towards, and those are the dogs I tell people who want to adopt
a good pet to gravitate towards." After training the dogs for five to six
months, the animals are ready for the stage. Berloni said, "My job is to teach
the dog the pattern [of what's going to happen in the show], make it fun, and
keep the distractions at a minimum."

However, controlling all variables is near impossible. A recent performance of
Legally Blonde forced one actress to think quickly on her feet. Some audience
members in the first row were eating fried chicken. She knew that when she
brought the dog onstage, the smell would distract the animal. Berloni said, "She
turned the dog upstage so she couldn't get a whiff of it. And that's what you
do, as opposed to not being in tune with your canine partner, letting them get
distracted, and then having to push them to the spot where they need to be."

Actors have several tricks to keeping the dogs' attention, including secretly
giving them treats. Berloni said, "If an actor is on their game, in turns of
handling the dog, they have to be in the moment."


LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DACT-7066

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Daily Actor


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                        April 1, 2012 Sunday 7:19 AM EST

Man's Best Friend Is Also The Best Stress Buster

LENGTH: 425 words


Man's best friend is also a great stress buster in the workplace, according to
research.

Researchers from the Virginia Commonwealth University have discovered that dogs
in the workplace may buffer the impact of stress during the workday for their
owners and make the job more satisfying for those with whom they come into
contact.

Stress is a major contributor to employee absenteeism, morale and burnout and
results in significant loss of productivity and resources. But a preliminary
study found that dogs make a positive difference in the workplace by reducing
stress and making the job more satisfying for the employees.

Researchers experimented on 450 people in Replacements Ltd, a retail business
located in Greensboro, NC. The 450 people were divided into three employee
groups on stress hormone levels, which were measured via a saliva sample, in the
morning, but during the course of the work day, self-reported stress declined
for employees with their dogs present and increased for non-pet owners and dog
owners who did not bring their dogs to work.

Approximately 20 to 30 dogs are on the company premises each day. The study took
place over a period of one work week in the company setting, during which time
participants completed surveys and collected saliva samples.

Researchers compared employees who bring their dogs to work, employees who do
not bring their dogs to work and employees without pets in the areas of stress,
job satisfaction, organisational commitment and support.

Researchers found that the team who got their dogs to their workplace had lower
level of the stress levels compared to the team who did not get their dogs.

"Dogs in the workplace can make a positive difference," said Randolph T Barker,
Ph D, professor of management in the VCU School of Business. "The differences in
perceived stress between days the dog was present and absent were significant.
The employees as a whole had higher job satisfaction than industry norms."

According to researchers, they observed unique dog-related communication in the
workplace that may contribute to employee performance and satisfaction. For
example, he said, although not part of the study, employees without a dog were
observed requesting to take a co-worker's dog out on a break. These were brief,
positive exchanges as the dogs were taken and returned and also resulted in an
employee break involving exercise.

Researchers say further study with larger sample sizes within the organizational
setting is needed to prove that dogs are the best stress busters in the
workplace.


LOAD-DATE: April 01, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Chip Chick

                       March 30, 2012 Friday 7:05 AM EST

Your Dog Might Have a Better Vacation Than You at Dog Vacay

LENGTH: 275 words


It's not just for humans anymore - dogs now have their own couch surfing site,
giving them their own staycations while their owners are out trips elsewhere.

Dog Vacay is a new service that allows dog owners to browse through other dog
owners to find good dogsitters when it's time to go on vacation. The service
screensand vets everyone who wants to sign up as a boarder, which should mean
that dog owners can easily find quality dog lovers who will properly take care
of their pets. Owners can also browse boarders to verify that they are able to
provide special care for Fido, if that's applicable. You can even search by
backyard size, if you have a big dog or a small dog that loves to roam around.

Peace of mind is going to be a big concern, of course - for most people, using
Dog Vacay will mean leaving a family member in the care of a total stranger.
Owners can request daily photo updates, and the site provides 24/7 support,
access to vet care, and the Dog Vacay Concierge for arranging massages and
insurance, for the especially pampered pooches out there.

The service is now live, just in time for Spring Break. Give it a look if you
don't know what to do with your beloved four-legged friend while you're soaking
up the sunshine.

http://player.vimeo.com/video/29766265?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0

Dog Vacay About Video from Boat Safety Films on Vimeo.

© 2012 Chip Chick

This feed is for personal, non-commercial use only. The use of this feed on
other websites breaches copyright. If this content is not in your news reader,
it makes the page you are viewing an infringement of the copyright. (Digital
Fingerprint:

9a60b3fc3cca3fb5ee046204a8c6fa6c)


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CHIP-111320

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Chip Chick


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Splendicity

                      March 29, 2012 Thursday 9:04 PM EST

Dogs In Weddings: How Do You Feel?

LENGTH: 197 words


Over at Glamour.com, some ingenious writer has amassed a collection of pictures
of dogs in weddings. I have a dog, so obviously I think this is the most
wonderful thing ever to be done on the internet. My dog will be a part of my
wedding, and I can't imagine that anyone who has a dog would leave them out of
their nuptials.

It just doesn't make sense.

After all, there are so many potential roles for dogs to play: Ring bearer.
Flower dog. Bridesmaid escort. Adorable accessory to anything. Wearer of cute
bow-tie and/or corsage. And so forth.

But I suspect that everyone in the world might not share this opinion with me.
Some people don't have dogs, or don't like dogs, or think that dogs might err on
the side of dirty and therefore have no place around such finery as a $2,000+
wedding dress. You're entitled to your opinion, although you're wrong.

Anyway, seriously though, let's open this up to a poll. Kindly weigh in:

Image by hifiweddings via Glamour

Related posts:

The Smallest Dog In The World Is The Best Thing On The Internet

The 84th Annual Academy Awards Red Carpet: The World's Glitziest Dog & Pony Show
Is Here

Daily Adorbs: Dog Thwarted By Loaf Of Bread

Post from: TheGloss


LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: BFME-5475

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 The Gloss


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cold Noses (Florida Times-Union)

                       March 20, 2012 Tuesday 5:15 PM EST

BLOG: Cold Noses: Reporter's Notes: Meet 2 of the volunteers who got Ponte Vedra
dog home after unplanned trip

BYLINE: Nicole Hernandez

LENGTH: 615 words


March 19--A city worker by day and saves dogs at night.

Meet Martha Chandler of Martha's Mutt Movers. The Akron, Ohio, woman worked with
Debby Stevens of Ponte Vedra to bring her dog back
[http://jacksonville.com/news/metro/2012-03-20/story/ponte-vedra-woman-regains-l
abrador-found-maryland-shelter] after he had been taken to Maryland.

Chandler said organzing the eight-person, 10-leg shuttle was nothing compared to
the other runs she usually organizes.

She has been coordinating shuttles -- usually to bring dogs from high-kill
shelters to rescue groups -- since May 2010.

Martha's Mutt Movers, as she calls it, will only move dogs with paperwork to
prove it is going either to a responsible rescue group or to its owner's new
home. She personally vets anyone who wishes to be a driver on one of her runs as
well as where the dogs are going.

"I don't care who it is or who they say are," she said, "I want to make sure
where the dog is going is safe or safer [than where they're leaving]."

Typically, it's three to four runs every weekend, and she tries to have multiple
dogs in each to stretch the drivers' resources.

But Chandler agreed to do this special run, dubbed "Stolen Senior Shuffles
Safely Home," because the Ponte Vedra dog had been taken from his owners and was
an older dog, about 9 or 10.

"I love seniors. I only adopt seniors in my group at home."

She had to wait about a week after initially receiving the request because the
shelter said Stevens had to identify the dog herself.

March 9, Stevens arrived and Brody was a free dog.

One of Chandler's drivers for Brody's journey was Gabrielle Alahouzos.

Alahouzos said she shuttles dogs usually three weekends a month.

"I started doing it [four years ago] because I have a pack of dogs that get the
best of everything," the marketing strategist said, "and this is something that
I can do for dogs that don't have it as good as my dogs."

She drove the second leg, from her Bethesda, Md., house to Fredericksburg, Va.

Brody was a little skittish, she said, so she let him sit in the front with her,
though she normally doesn't do that.

Then she started singing. And she is not a good singer, she said.

"He's the only dog in the world that likes my singing."

Alahouzos said she thinks he started to realize he was safe with her as she sang
"nonsensical, goofy things" like "Brody black beetle dog."

"Everybody felt for him, because you could tell he was a kind dog. He was a
great dog."

Chandler described the rescue drivers she works with -- like Alahouzos -- as the
reason her efforts work.

"Without your wheels, my transport won't roll" is part of her email signature.

"I sit in my pajamas on my computer on the weekend. It's nothing for me. They do
all the hard work."

And for Alahouzos, transporting as many dogs as she has wouldn't be possible
without Martha's efforts.

Being part of the shuttle means she can give more dogs that would have stayed in
a high-kill shelter a chance at a better life.

"Haven't you ever needed a second chance? Yeah, you have. And these dogs are so
deserving."

Those interested in joining Martha's Mutt Movers can check out her guidelines at
http://bit.ly/FQhfe1
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FDxuKtSmenOZd-155A0O1OzQ0F2w1aJdurBVuWx0eQc
/edit?hl=en_US]. Chandler also recommended On The Road Again
[http://dir.groups.yahoo.com/group/OnTheRoadAgain/?v=1=directory=web=groups=dir=
6], a group of volunteer coordinators and drivers.

* Login
[http://jacksonville.com/user/login?destination=node%2F513918%23comment-form] or
register
[http://jacksonville.com/user/register?destination=node%2F513918%23comment-form]
to post comments

*

* Cold Noses [http://jacksonville.com/opinion/blog/cold-noses]


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: JK-4239

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Cold Noses


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Humphrey on the Hill

                       March 20, 2012 Tuesday 5:07 PM EST

Rep. Hurley and Her Dog 'Snapped

BYLINE: Tom Humphrey

LENGTH: 281 words


State Rep. Julia Hurley (R-Lenoir City) was kicked out of the Roane County
Courthouse for taking her dog in with he, reports WATE-TV.

Hurley claims the 11-pound Chinese crested is a service animal, which is
permitted in public places according to the Americans with Disabilities Act.

She had the dog on a leash when it was spotted by County Executive Ron Woody
last week.

Hurley says she simply didn't know dogs weren't allowed in the courthouse. She
says she's upset because of the way she was treated and the way the situation
was handled, not because she and her service dog were told to leave.

"I wasn't being attacked for my dog being a service dog. I was attacked for
having a dog in the courthouse. I was not requested respectfully to remove the
dog. I was not spoken to at all. I was snapped at and yelled at across the
courthouse," Rep. Hurley said.

That's not how Woody says things unfolded. "As I went out of my office, I saw a
little dog walking down the hall, and of course it was on a leash so I had asked
security, you know we need to get the dogs out of the courthouse. That was
basically the extent of it."

Hurley says the dog was already registered as a service dog when she adopted it,
and it serves as a companion.

"That's why I got her was to be my companion. I mean if I wanted to take her, if
I put on her little service sweater and took her to the hospital for cancer
patients, then she would be a service dog, but she's my dog. She's my
companion," Rep. Hurley explained.

She says the confrontation was to make a point with county employees. "If he has
a problem with his employees, he needs to speak with his employees and not use
me as an example to get to them."


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: KX-3649

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                      Copyright 2012 Humphrey on the Hill


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     SBWire

                       March 16, 2012 Friday 4:30 PM EST

QuantumK9 LLC Expands Online Services into Pet Supplies

LENGTH: 466 words


QuantumK9, a long trusted company known for their Obedience Training now offers
pet supplies.

Indianapolis, IN -- (SBWIRE) -- 03/16/2012 -- Devoted dog owners understand the
problems of making enough time to spend with their pets. Almost all dogs need as
much exercise as possible and sometimes life gets in the way. At times pet
supplies are an afterthought - it's an unnecessary hassle at the end of the day
when dog owners realise they have run out. Online dog training and pet supply
store quantumk9.com have expanded their services to include brand name pet
supplies delivered to your door in order to meet that demand.

QuantumK9 proudly serves Indianapolis, Greenwood, and all of Central Indiana
offering: Dog obedience training, pet willingness lessons, behavior
modification, canine aggression problems, search and rescue training, protection
dog training and personal protection dogs.

Pet supplies are something the store owner Jeremy Leming has recently added to
an already useful website, of interest to dogs, cats, birds, fish and even
reptile owners. Jeremy has been training dogs in pet obedience, search and
rescue, personal protection, protection sports, and service related venues since
1999. As a canine search specialist with FEMA's Indiana Task Force One and the
Canine Urban Response Team, Jeremy and his dog Greif were deployed to look for
lost, missing, or trapped people during Hurricanes Katrina, Gustav, and Ike as
well as several Tornadoes and numerous local cases across the state of Indiana.
He also developed and instructed seminars in canine motivation for the K9 Search
and Rescue Foundation.

Jerem's obedience training features greatly as a service on QuantumK9 and happy
customers have this to say: "After only 3 sessions with Jeremy, our dog,
Gretchen, can be easily walked and does not jump our fence to attack other dogs!
Before our sessions she would pull and try to attack other dogs on walks.
Jeremy's approach helped us to be the 'lead dog' and it certainly has worked! If
you have a 'problem' dog please consider working with Jeremy. We are totally
satisfied with his results!"

QuantumK9's new expansion into pet supplies is no surprise when taking into
account the huge amount of attention to detail shown in other areas of pet care
on the website.

About QuantumK9

QuantumK9 is a product of Jeremy Leming's life-long love of dogs and his desire
to help dog owners realize their goals, regardless of what those goals may be.
Customer service is provided using American web hosting, order fulfilment, and
credit card processing.

For more information on this press release visit:
http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/pet-supplies/quantumk9/sbwire-132025.htm

Media Relations Contact

Jeremy Leming

QuantumK9

Email: Click to Email Jeremy Leming

Web: http://www.quantumk9.com/


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SBWI-7162

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2012 SBWire


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                       March 12, 2012 Monday 8:45 AM EST

Fort Bliss, new directives remove service dogs from PTSD soldiers

LENGTH: 692 words


Stricter directives have been passed down from the Army administration, causing
serious problems for soldiers with PTSD. Affected are those who rely heavily on
the support of their service dogs at Fort Bliss, Texas.

With the heavily criticized new policy, service dogs of many troubled soldiers
with PTSD are being forced out of Fort Bliss company barracks --- except for
those designated on a case-by-case basis. The soldiers with PTSD are being
berated and intimidated for hours on end by superior officers, cursed at and
told they are worthless and a waste of time for the army. However, the
commanders who are doing this are hiding out and refuse to talk to the media.

Previously, Texas's Fort Bliss had stated they were not banning the service dogs
, only setting higher standards to determine who deserves or needs a service dog
. This will force many soldiers to return to their original PTSD mental and
emotional states as before, yet remain in the service and be expected to fulfill
their normal routines.

Kens5.com states that what Fort Bliss did not say is that the 10-page memo will
enforce much stricter standards and processing, making it much tougher for a
PTSD soldier to qualify. They do not know how long the process will take,
possibly taking months for a soldier's determination.

"Man UP! Be a man about it!"

The United States Army's 43rd Surgeon General and Commanding General of the U.S.
Army Medical Command who appears to be responsible for the new directive is LTG
Patricia Horoho, born and raised into military life as a Catholic.

Nominated by President Obama in December 2011, her new responsibilities include
formulating policy regulations on service support, health hazard assessment and
the establishment of health standards. What will cause longer periods of time
from the application to the final determinations for service dogs involves (1)
the healthcare provider, (2) the chain of command, and (3) the dog trainers,
according to Dennis Swanson, Fort Bliss spokesperson.

Since she took over, single soldiers who choose to not give up their service
dogs or have not yet been determined to have a service dog are being kicked out
of the barracks, forced to find another place to live on a soldier's limited
salary, with their housing pay taken away.

Army commanders are not taking the service dogs serious enough, refusing to
acknowledge these dogs are the lifelines which have kept many PTSD soldiers
alive. Losing them is detrimental to the lives of struggling soldiers. But many
officers feel that the PTSD soldiers are a waste to time to the Army.

"Get rid of the dogs or leave the posts!"

Military service dogs are the same dogs who have performed miracles for PTSD
soldiers by saving lives, which allowed a fast track for a troubled soldier to
get a PTSD trained dog.

Now soldiers are ordered to lock the dogs in their cars until their daily
service duty is over with a window cracked--- regardless of the weather. Many
PTSD soldiers with service dogs are being severely harassed by commanding
superiors, told that the PTSD dogs are no longer welcome at Fort Bliss.

Many of the service dogs were rescued from shelters, trained to work with
suicidal and isolated soldiers --- an effort which has been humane enough to
save two lives. Now two lives are in danger. KFox14 reports that shelters around
Fort Bliss are seeing a large increase in large dogs due to the new directives
on base, while adopters are reducing in numbers.

"We either have to take it in, or refuse it. If we refuse it, it really only has
one other choice, and that's the dog pound. Animal control won't adopt out pit
bulls," said Martha Williams with the Pet Guardian Angel Animal Shelter.

The dogs were once considered necessary medical tools, similar to wheelchairs,
crutches, and casts. The bond between a solider, PTSD or not, and his dog goes
beyond words.

The word now is death, for both parties, as the Army's commanding superiors have
forgotten what loyalty is about. If you'd like to adopt a dog, Pet Guardian
Angel showcases 60 dogs every Sunday, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Petsmart
located at 10501 Gateway Blvd. W. The cost of adopting is $85.


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 Digital Journal


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Heath Haussamen on New Mexico Politics

                        March 9, 2012 Friday 3:02 PM EST

The dog days of elections

LENGTH: 656 words


Michael Swickard

My dog Conrad was amused by the story of an Albuquerque man who registered his
dog to vote and promptly got a voter card for the dog in the mail. The man
wanted to show that a New Mexico voter card was easy to get even for those who
are not legitimate. He has been proven right and has gotten the attention of law
enforcement; in addition, the "dog set to vote" story went national.

These dog days of the election process are quite interesting because it would
seem that getting a false voter card was easy. This is despite the fact that I
have been told many times the registration process insures only legitimate
voters are on the rolls. When I questioned if that statement is true, I have
been told LOUDLY that there are no instances of voter fraud in New Mexico so the
integrity of the voting process has been proven. However, that statement is a
hard sell now with the advent of Dog-and-Husband-Gate.

Yes, the perpetrator of this voter outrage has his head down and is very, very
sorry. So is his master, the person who actually filled out the forms and got
his wife in a sticky situation. The wife works for a candidate in the upcoming
election, so the sins of the dog and husband have come back to rest upon the
wife. Gosh, does it not always happen that way?

Guy and dog deserve a medal

Still, it would seem sending the dog to the pound and the husband to the
judicial woodshed is not what should happen. Yes, they are a bad dog and a bad
husband. All together, "BAD DOG, BAD HUSBAND." The authorities are talking about
a charge of felony for the one person who registers illegally and then does not
vote. How stupid.

Truth be known, I think this guy and his dog deserve a medal, because one of the
most contentious debates each year involves the voting process. The authorities
claim no one but a qualified voter can vote.

So this dog and man settled the issue. We now know without a doubt that people
(and dogs) of evil intent can vote thousands of times each election. In fact, I
suspect there are technically more dogs and cats in Albuquerque than people,
though I have not tried to confirm that data point. New Mexico may have already
gone to the dogs and we, the people, just did not know.

The one thing I know for sure is that no one can sanctimoniously sniff and say
that there never has been a proven case of voter fraud in the state. A dog got a
voter card. The dog did not vote, of course, since the reason for the exercise
was to show how loosely the voter rolls were protected. And no candidate offered
a viable treat for the vote. Another library? Another school? Phooey, the dog
was looking for real pork.

Is a pack of dogs controlling our state?

Seriously folks, and I guess I should be serious for a moment. In elections
where there are just a few hundred votes between winner and loser, we now have
to wonder if a pack of dogs is controlling our state. We will never know until
we have photo voter ID. Or fingerprint voting. That would stop some of the
problem. I do not think we have to sniff each other (how rude) as we come into
the polls the way dogs would if they ran the elections. The mental picture is
gruesome, eh?

So now what? We, as a society, can law this dog and his master to a frazzle and
then sweep the lesson under the outhouse door, or we can grab this opportunity
to make our elections more valid. Know this: Those who are in office often will
not want to change a thing because they were elected under those rules.

Still, this story may have a life of its own with one political party in New
Mexico being the Dog Bone Party and the other political party, since they are at
the other end of the dog's alimentary canal, will quaintly be known as the...
well, you get the idea.

Swickard is co-host of the radio talk show News New Mexico, which airs from 6 to
9 a.m. Monday through Friday on a number of New Mexico radio stations and
through streaming. His e-mail address is michael@swickard.com


LOAD-DATE: March 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: HAUS-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 NMPolitics.net


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                      March 7, 2012 Wednesday 6:10 PM EST

Dog Food in Romania - Market Report

LENGTH: 294 words


The gap between prepared and non-prepared dog food continues to be very wide,
even though prepared food is expected to gain some share and reach 12% in 2011.
Sales of prepared dog food continue to be restricted to large cities, where pet
owners are more interested in their pets' wellbeing and have higher disposable
incomes than owners in smaller cities or rural areas. However, in villages most
dogs are still fed with scraps, which prevents considerable growth in the share
of prepared dog food.

Euromonitor International's Dog Food in Romania report offers a comprehensive
guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the
latest retail sales data 2007-2011, allowing you to identify the sectors driving
growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers
strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2016 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.


LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2012 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Philly Dawg

                        March 5, 2012 Monday 5:18 PM EST

BLOG: Philly Dawg: Greig: Dog law fund will be $1.3m in red in 2013, fee
increase discussed

BYLINE: Amy Worden

LENGTH: 674 words


March 05--The fund designed to protect tens of thousands of dogs in licensed
kennels, collect hundreds of stray dogs lost and abandoned statewide, enforce
the dog law and reimburse shelters for the partial cost of caring strays will be
$1.3 million in the red by mid-2013.

That was the grim news delivered by state Agriculture Secretary George Greig
during legislative budget hearings last week.

"We're in situation where very soon we won't have enough money to sustain
operations," Greig told lawmakers during a Senate hearing.

The fund, which in two years has shrunk from $11 million to just over $2
million, was hit with a double blow in 2010: decline in interest income and a
pilfering by Gov. Rendell and the legislature, which removed $4 million to cover
a budget shortfall.

Auditor General Jack Wagner, in a June audit, accused another entity of wrongly
raiding the the fund: the Department of Agriculture. Wagner said a total of $1.2
million used for payroll and administrative expenses for positions unrelated to
dog law should be repaid. The agency denies the charge.

Lawmakers suggested it may be time -- for the first time in 15 years -- to raise
the cost of a dog license, the main source of income for the fund.

"It concerns me for certain. We don't have the funds to enforce the law as it
should be," said Sen. Judy Schwank (D., Berks). "Certainly [raising fees} ought
to be one of the options we need to consider or another funding stream. Why did
we pass the law if we don't intend to enforce it?"

Brace yourself, the dog license fee is $6.45 for a spayed/neutered dog ($8.45
for an intact dog). There are discounts for seniors and a lifetime license for
an altered dog costs $31.45. There are roughly 1 million license holders, but
officials say that's only a fraction of dog owners in the state.

Under questioning by Sen. Vincent Hughes (D., Phila.) Greig declined to say
whether he supported that idea, nor did Greig offer any other revenue-raising
idea. Gov. Corbett has been almost steadfast in his campaign pledge not to raise
taxes or fees (Corbett ultimately supported the imposition of a natural gas
drilling fee.)

Greig suggested the agency may look at doing "robo calls" to remind dog owners
of the need to buy a license but gave no details. Right now dog wardens in some
areas are beginning door-to-door canvassing to check to see if dogs are
licensed. (A slow way to raise revenue and a waste of dog warden time, some
say.)

"The Dog Law was passed to ensure a more humane existence for Pennsylvania's
commercial breeding dogs," said Cori Menkin, senior director of the puppy mills
campaign for the ASPCA, who was a leading advocate in the effort to pass the
2008 dog law. "Without proper funding, this critical law is unenforceable and
these dogs will continue to suffer."

Revenue flow to the dog law fund has been stymied by another act of the
legislature -- a decision years ago to funnel all proceeds of fines collected
after $78,000 to the judicial branch for computer upgrades.

The losses to the fund because of this arrangement easily total in the millions,
officials say. (It also makes one wonder what the agriculture agency's incentive
is to pursue violators -- spending time and resources doing so -- if they know
the funds go elsewhere).

It would take an act of the legislature to change the system and direct all fine
payments into the fund.

Meanwhile, the belt-tightening continues at the Department of Agriculture; it
slashed grants to humane societies (telling the shelters the grant program would
be zeroed out next year) that take in stray dogs picked up by dog wardens, and
has 19 unfilled vacancies in the Dog Law Enforcement Office. As a result dog
wardens who once covered a single county are being assigned to cover two and
three counties, some covering hundreds of miles.

Add to that the fact more and more shelters are closing doors to strays forcing
dog wardens to travel much farther to place animals -- using more gas and
lessening the chance the animal would be reunited with their owner.


LOAD-DATE: March 05, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PH-4211

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Philly Dawg


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 socalTECH.com

                        March 5, 2012 Monday 6:19 PM EST

Interview with Aaron Hirschhorn, DogVacay.com

LENGTH: 1455 words


Do you have a pet dog, and do you travel a lot? If so, you're probably familiar
with the travails of having to find a kennel to place your dog into, are
constantly worrying about how your dog is doing in that kennel, and probably are
feeling a little guilty, too, about having them locked up all week while you are
away. To address that worry, Los Angeles-based DogVacay (www.dogvacay.com)
lauched last week -- just in time for SXSW -- to help connect dog owners with
individual dog lovers to help watch their dogs at their homes. The
company--which was founded by husband and wife team Aaron Hirschhorn and Karine
Nissim Hirschhorn--is the latest company to come out of Science, Inc., the
business incubator and studio headed by former MySpace CEO Mike Jones. We spoke
to Aaron about the company.

Can you explain how DogVacay works?

Aaron Hirschhorn: We're forming a community marketplace that matches trusted dog
lovers--who we are calling dog hosts--with the unique needs of dog owners. This
is something that I've experienced myself with my dogs and my family. You're a
dog owner, and when you travel you have two options. Once, is you can go and put
your dog in the kennel, which tends to be overpriced, where your dogs are
generally in a cage 23 hours a day, and where the owner feels really guilty.
That's option one. Option two, is you can ask friends or family members to pet
sit. Although that often works out, you're having to call in a favor, which
makes you feel bad, you might have to drive a lot, and there's guilt associated
with doing that as well. We believe we've come up with a solution. We help find
both professional pet sitters, as well as casual but trusted dog lovers, who are
willing to open up their home and watch your dogs. On our platform, we allow
them to set their own rate, and have complete control over the dogs they will
accept, and their schedule. Dog owners can browse through the site, and find the
best options for their pet. If you want a one bedroom apartment in Silverlake
for your Chihuahua, you can get that for $15.00. If you need a 12 acre ranch in
Malibu for your Great Dane, with an animal trainer on staff, that's $75.00. It's
really about providing a customized approach, and the best experience for both
the dog and dog owners.

How did the company come about?

Aaron Hirschhorn: It's something that came about from a problem I experience
myself. I've got two dogs, Rocky and Rambo, and I had to travel a lot. I felt
bad about putting them in a kennel, and although nothing awful happened, it just
didn't feel right to me. Then, I found a dog trainer who was watching dogs and
had a big yard, and I used that option, and it was great. I loved it, the dogs
got socialization and were in a social environment. They are, at the end of the
day, pack animals. We thought to ourselves, this would be a great idea to try
out on our own. We actually opened up our own home dog boarding business,
creating a Yelp listing, and started boarding dogs. We loved it, the dogs loved
it, and we started actually making money. We ended up getting more business than
we could handle. We boarded over 100 dogs over the last year, and ended up
looking at ourselves and saying-we've got a real business here. So, back in
November and December we started putting together the site you see, which
enables everyone to do this.

How do you deal with the trust factor, and are people willing to leave their
dogs with strangers?

Aaron Hirschhorn: That is the most important issue. I think that's been our
primary goal, which is to create trust, and a trusted brand. DogVacay really
stands for trust. We verify the qualifications of our hosts. There are several
layers of that. First, there's the social layer, where we use Facebook Connect
to identify users. We use LinkedIn, gather testimonials, and provide some
training through instructional videos, multiple choice tests. We do phone
interviews, and check references for lots of our hosts. If the hosts have
credentials themselves, they can share if they have liability insurance, pet
first aid or CPR certification, if they're a vet tech, and any professional
associations they might be involved with. We try to make that transparent, as
well. Plus, we have a typical, transaction based review, where after you've done
your booking you can review the host and experience. There's also a similar,
review of dogs, so a host can say, for example-this dog barks a lot, so maybe
you shouldn't book that dog if your neighbor complains. Or, maybe it's not a
problem if the dog barks a lot, because you are in a big open ranch. With those
things layered together, we believe we can really help owners and hosts make the
right decision on how to take care of their pets. On top of that, if things look
great but you really want to meet first, we support that as well. We have a meet
and greet function where you can schedule a meeting, introduce the dogs to each
other, see the home, and that way have complete peace of mind.

I'm sure you're familiar with comparisons to services like Airbnb. How are you
handling your own issues with geographic spread and rollout of the service?

Aaron Hirschhorn: That's a great question. The geographic part of this is very
important. We're launching March 1st in Los Angeles and San Francisco. There's a
couple of importance reasons for taking one geography on at a time. One, is we
want to make sure we have enough qualified hosts in every area for consumers
when we open the door. We want them to have multiple options and choices. The
second thing, is that because these are regular people, plans change. Sometime,
they have to make a last minute cancellation, and you never know what can
happen. So we established a set of first responders in each area, who we can
effectively call upon if someone cancels at the last minute, if someone has to
be picked up and moved. We've got a network which can deal with anything that
might come up. Our approach is really to go city by city so that we can be sure
to provide.

We know you're doing this as a dog lover, but it might be interesting to talk a
bit about your past background in the venture investing industry?

Aaron Hirschhorn: I've worked for a couple of LA-based venture capital firms,
GRP and Monitor Ventures. I come from a background where I have a solid
understanding of what makes for a good business model, and I've seen
entrepreneurs who have had success and been able to execute. I think that is,
however, secondary to being a dog lover, which is why it's so important for me
to address this need in the market. So many of my friends have been dissatisfied
with the current options, and have chosen not to travel because of that issue,
or they travel less than they'd otherwise want to. Really, this is about a need
and opening up opportunity to everybody.

How are you connected with the folks at Science?

Aaron Hirschhorn: Currently, our investors are Science, based in Santa Monica,
and also Ted Rheingold, who was the founder and CEO of Dogster.com. We'll also
be announcing some additional funding in March. We've got a pretty solid slate
of investors at the table.

Can you talk a bit about the social updates part of the service?

Aaron Hirschhorn: We have a function which allows dog owners to get regular
photo updates, via regular email, and eventually via a photo app, of their dog
enjoying their vacay. The concept is, we're leveraging Facebook Connect and the
open graph. If you log in with Facebook, you can browse posts, and you'll be
able to leverage your social graph, Twitter, and YouTube to auto post photo
updates across your social networks. It's a great way to share your positive
experience on the site.

Tell us a bit about the launch?

Aaron Hirschhorn: It will be a fully integrated site. The site is right now in
beta, and we have a team of product managers, a CTO, putting together the fully
functional site, integrating messaging, scheduling, and booking, and checkout.
We've also got a deep blog with lots of great content about how to prepare for
DogVacay, how to take care of your dogs, and more. We've got a functional,
transactional website wrapped around content and community. We're also doing
other things to really build in that trust. What makes us different from a
Craiglist with a checkout button, is we also offer protection to customers. When
you book online, you get emergency support via a partnership we have with VCA
Antech, the largest veterinary provider in the country. On the off chance that
something goes wrong, we provide emergency support and direct access to them. We
also have insurance coverage for all of the dogs. If anything goes wrong, there
is support there. Building pace of mind is what this business is all about.

Thanks!


LOAD-DATE: March 05, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SCAL-111270

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 socalTECH.com


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 socalTECH.com

                        March 5, 2012 Monday 2:59 PM EST

Interview with Aaron Hirschorn, DogVacay.com

LENGTH: 1454 words


Do you have a pet dog, and do you travel a lot? If so, you're probably familiar
with the travails of having to find a kennel to place your dog into, are
constantly worrying about how your dog is doing in that kennel, and probably are
feeling a little guilty, too, about having them locked up all week while you are
away. To address that worry, Los Angeles-based DogVacay (www.dogvacay.com)
lauched last week -- just in time for SXSW -- to help connect dog owners with
individual dog lovers to help watch their dogs at their homes. The
company--which was founded by husband and wife team Aaron Hirschorn and Karine
Nissim Hirschorn --is the latest company to come out of Science, Inc., the
business incubator and studio headed by former MySpace CEO Mike Jones. We spoke
to Aaron about the company.

Can you explain how DogVacay works?

Aaron Hirschorn: We're forming a community marketplace that matches trusted dog
lovers--who we are calling dog hosts--with the unique needs of dog owners. This
is something that I've experienced myself with my dogs and my family. You're a
dog owner, and when you travel you have two options. Once, is you can go and put
your dog in the kennel, which tends to be overpriced, where your dogs are
generally in a cage 23 hours a day, and where the owner feels really guilty.
That's option one. Option two, is you can ask friends or family members to pet
sit. Although that often works out, you're having to call in a favor, which
makes you feel bad, you might have to drive a lot, and there's guilt associated
with doing that as well. We believe we've come up with a solution. We help find
both professional pet sitters, as well as casual but trusted dog lovers, who are
willing to open up their home and watch your dogs. On our platform, we allow
them to set their own rate, and have complete control over the dogs they will
accept, and their schedule. Dog owners can browse through the site, and find the
best options for their pet. If you want a one bedroom apartment in Silverlake
for your Chihuahua, you can get that for $15.00. If you need a 12 acre ranch in
Malibu for your Great Dane, with an animal trainer on staff, that's $75.00. It's
really about providing a customized approach, and the best experience for both
the dog and dog owners.

How did the company come about?

Aaron Hirschorn: It's something that came about from a problem I experience
myself. I've got two dogs, Rocky and Rambo, and I had to travel a lot. I felt
bad about putting them in a kennel, and although nothing awful happened, it just
didn't feel right to me. Then, I found a dog trainer who was watching dogs and
had a big yard, and I used that option, and it was great. I loved it, the dogs
got socialization and were in a social environment. They are, at the end of the
day, pack animals. We thought to ourselves, this would be a great idea to try
out on our own. We actually opened up our own home dog boarding business,
creating a Yelp listing, and started boarding dogs. We loved it, the dogs loved
it, and we started actually making money. We ended up getting more business than
we could handle. We boarded over 100 dogs over the last year, and ended up
looking at ourselves and saying-we've got a real business here. So, back in
November and December we started putting together the site you see, which
enables everyone to do this.

How do you deal with the trust factor, and are people willing to leave their
dogs with strangers?

Aaron Hirschorn: That is the most important issue. I think that's been our
primary goal, which is to create trust, and a trusted brand. DogVacay really
stands for trust. We verify the qualifications of our hosts. There are several
layers of that. First, there's the social layer, where we use Facebook Connect
to identify users. We use LinkedIn, gather testimonials, and provide some
training through instructional videos, multiple choice tests. We do phone
interviews, and check references for lots of our hosts. If the hosts have
credentials themselves, they can share if they have liability insurance, pet
first aid or CPR certification, if they're a vet tech, and any professional
associations they might be involved with. We try to make that transparent, as
well. Plus, we have a typical, transaction based review, where after you've done
your booking you can review the host and experience. There's also a similar,
review of dogs, so a host can say, for example-this dog barks a lot, so maybe
you shouldn't book that dog if your neighbor complains. Or, maybe it's not a
problem if the dog barks a lot, because you are in a big open ranch. With those
things layered together, we believe we can really help owners and hosts make the
right decision on how to take care of their pets. On top of that, if things look
great but you really want to meet first, we support that as well. We have a meet
and greet function where you can schedule a meeting, introduce the dogs to each
other, see the home, and that way have complete peace of mind.

I'm sure you're familiar with comparisons to services like Airbnb. How are you
handling your own issues with geographic spread and rollout of the service?

Aaron Hirschorn: That's a great question. The geographic part of this is very
important. We're launching March 1st in Los Angeles and San Francisco. There's a
couple of importance reasons for taking one geography on at a time. One, is we
want to make sure we have enough qualified hosts in every area for consumers
when we open the door. We want them to have multiple options and choices. The
second thing, is that because these are regular people, plans change. Sometime,
they have to make a last minute cancellation, and you never know what can
happen. So we established a set of first responders in each area, who we can
effectively call upon if someone cancels at the last minute, if someone has to
be picked up and moved. We've got a network which can deal with anything that
might come up. Our approach is really to go city by city so that we can be sure
to provide.

We know you're doing this as a dog lover, but it might be interesting to talk a
bit about your past background in the venture investing industry?

Aaron Hirschorn: I've worked for a couple of LA-based venture capital firms, GRP
and Monitor Ventures. I come from a background where I have a solid
understanding of what makes for a good business model, and I've seen
entrepreneurs who have had success and been able to execute. I think that is,
however, secondary to being a dog lover, which is why it's so important for me
to address this need in the market. So many of my friends have been dissatisfied
with the current options, and have chosen not to travel because of that issue,
or they travel less than they'd otherwise want to. Really, this is about a need
and opening up opportunity to everybody.

How are you connected with the folks at Science?

Aaron Hirschorn: Currently, our investors are Science, based in Santa Monica,
and also Ted Rheingold, who was the founder and CEO of Dogster.com. We'll also
be announcing some additional funding in March. We've got a pretty solid slate
of investors at the table.

Can you talk a bit about the social updates part of the service?

Aaron Hirschorn: We have a function which allows dog owners to get regular photo
updates, via regular email, and eventually via a photo app, of their dog
enjoying their vacay. The concept is, we're leveraging Facebook Connect and the
open graph. If you log in with Facebook, you can browse posts, and you'll be
able to leverage your social graph, Twitter, and YouTube to auto post photo
updates across your social networks. It's a great way to share your positive
experience on the site.

Tell us a bit about the launch?

Aaron Hirschorn: It will be a fully integrated site. The site is right now in
beta, and we have a team of product managers, a CTO, putting together the fully
functional site, integrating messaging, scheduling, and booking, and checkout.
We've also got a deep blog with lots of great content about how to prepare for
DogVacay, how to take care of your dogs, and more. We've got a functional,
transactional website wrapped around content and community. We're also doing
other things to really build in that trust. What makes us different from a
Craiglist with a checkout button, is we also offer protection to customers. When
you book online, you get emergency support via a partnership we have with VCA
Antech, the largest veterinary provider in the country. On the off chance that
something goes wrong, we provide emergency support and direct access to them. We
also have insurance coverage for all of the dogs. If anything goes wrong, there
is support there. Building pace of mind is what this business is all about.

Thanks!


LOAD-DATE: March 05, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SCAL-111270

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 socalTECH.com


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                DownWithTyranny

                        March 2, 2012 Friday 6:24 PM EST

Two Top 12 Congressional Lists

LENGTH: 1063 words


There's a report circulating in Washington from a Democratic think tank, the
Center for American Progress, that enumerates the dozen House votes in which
Republican Members of Congress most clearly voted against the 99% and took up
the cudgel of class war for their one-percent benefactors. Republicans did this
almost 300 times in the last year but they sorted and sifted and came up with
the dozen most egregious examples:

· Repealed health coverage for 32 MILLION Americans and countless new benefits
and protections for all Americans (January 19, 2011).

· Blocked new essential health benefits that must be covered by insurance
companies (including things like contraception), putting Americans back at the
mercy of the insurance companies (February 19, 2011).

· Ended Medicare and gutted Medicaid in order to pay for more tax breaks for the
wealthy and corporations (April 15, 2011).

· Blocked a new database for consumer product safety information, making it more
difficult for consumers to find out information about dangerous or unsafe
products (February 19, 2011).

· Blocked the Treasury Department from helping more homeowners avoid foreclosure
under the Home Affordable Modification Program by terminating the program and
providing no replacement (March 29,2011).

· FOUR votes to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from protecting our
clean air and clean water, essentially bailing out big polluters at the expense
of the rest of us (April 7, July 13, and October 5 and 13, 2011).

· Guaranteed 700,000 jobs would be killed and slashed programs for the 99
Percent, including Medicare and Social Security via the Tea Party-inspired Cut,
Cap, and Balance plan (July 19, 2011).

· Encouraged more economy-collapsing financial fraud by attempting to gut the
new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (July 21, 2011).

· Put corporations above the law by allowing them to ignore 76 year-old
protections for workers and labor unions (September 15, 2011).

· Launched mean-spirited attacks and cuts in benefits directed at millions of
unemployed Americans (December 11, 2011).

I agree that each of these votes was a disgrace for any Member of Congress to
take the position hammered home by Eric Cantor and John Boehner and the rest of
the GOP leadership team. These voters were, basically, just plain
anti-American... if we define "American" as having anything at all to do with
the ordinary working families who make up the nation. But it's very touchy for
the DCCC to hammer the Republicans on these votes for one simple reason: plenty
of Blue Dogs and other conservative Democrats the DCCC is in bed with voted with
the Republicans. Let's start at the top, the House's vote to repeal healthcare
reform soon after the new Congress was sworn in. It passed 245-189, every single
Republican voting for repeal-- along with 3 Democrats: Dan Boren (Blue Dog-OK),
Mike McIntyre (Blue Dog-NC) and Mike Ross (Blue Dog-AR). Boren and Ross have
announced their retirements. The DCCC will try to hold onto McIntyre for another
term of voting with the GOP.

On March 29, there were 18 Democrats off the reservation-- voting with Boehner
and Cantor to terminate the program that would keep more homeowners from being
foreclosed on: Jason Altmire (Blue Dog-PA), Shelley Berkley (now running for
Senate from Nevada one of the hardest hit states by the great mortgage swindle),
Dan Boren (Blue Dog-OK), Dennis Cardoza (Blue Dog-CA), Ben Chandler (Blue Dog
-KY), Jim Cooper (Blue Dog-TN), Jim Matheson (Blue Dog-UT), Mike Michaud (Blue
Dog-ME, eagerly trying to run for the now open Senate seat there), etc.

Then there's that whole slew of bill to wreck the effectiveness of the EPA,
starting with Fred Upton's bill to basically kill the EPA's ability to
ameliorate industrial air pollution. It passed 255-172, 19 Democratic corporate
whores joining all the Republicans this time-- notorious bribe takers like Tim
Holden (Blue Dog-PA), John Barrow (Blue Dog-GA), Leonard Boswell (Blue Dog-IA),
Collin Peterson (Blue Dog-MN), Jason Altmire (Blue Dog-PA), Joe Donnelly (Blue
Dog-IN), Terri Sewell (Corrupt-AL), Jim Costa (Blue Dog-CA)... and all the usual
suspects.

Then on July 13, we got John Mica's water pollution bill. This time there were
even 13 Republicans who got cold feet when it came to taking such a giant step
backwards into the bad old days. It still passed, of course, 239-184, with 16
Blue Dogs more than making up for the Republican defections-- all the worst scum
in the Democratic House caucus from Altmire, Barrow, Boren, Baca, and Boswell
right down the food chain to crooks like Holden, Matheson, McIntyre and
Peterson.

On July 21, Cantor rammed through Sean Duffy's bill to wreck the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act by making sure it wouldn't be able to
protect anyone from predatory banksters. It passed 241-173, this time only 10 of
the worst, corporate whores from the Democratic side of the aisle joining the
GOP and their Wall Street allies: John Barrow (Blue Dog-GA), Dan Boren (Blue Dog
-OK), Ben Chandler (Blue Dog-KY), Henry Cuellar (Blue Dog-TX), Jim Matheson
(Blue Dog-UT), Mike McIntyre (Blue Dog-NC), Bill Owens (NY), Nick Rahall (WV),
Mike Ross (Blue Dog-AR), and Kurt Schrader (Blue Dog-OR).

Embarrassing for Steve Israel that so many of his prized pets are the ones who
are giving aid and comfort to the enemy-- at least the enemy of the 99%, if not
the enemy of Steve Israel. I might add that Blue America is trying to help
progressive Democrat Matt Cartwright replace one of the worst of this lot, Blue
Dog Tim Holden, and he has a better than even chance of making it work. He needs
some help, but it looks like a decent investment-- in America.

Anyway, we have a Top Dozen list of our own, the top dozen worst Democrats for
2012. According to ProgressivePunch these are the 12 Democrats, from bad to
worse, who voted most frequently with the GOP on crucial roll calls since Jan.
2011:

· Mark Critz (PA)

· Tim Holden (PA)

· Ben Chandler (KY)

· Henry Cuellar (TX)

· Joe Donnelly (IN)

· John Barrow (GA)

· Jim Costa (CA)

· Collin Peterson (MN)

· Jason Altmire (PA)

· Jim Matheson (UT)

· Mike Ross (AR)

· Dan Boren (OK)

Reminder-- donate to the DCCC and the bulk of your money will go towards
propping up the careers of these faithless Democrats and others just like them.
I don't know why Steve Israel doesn't just get Boehner and Cantor to chip in for
them.


LOAD-DATE: March 02, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DOWT-7597

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 DownWithTyranny


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Dog Breath

                      February 24, 2012 Friday 6:16 PM EST

BLOG: Dog Breath: Dog bites man. It's man's fault.

BYLINE: Melissa Bech

LENGTH: 1066 words


Feb.
24--http://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://blog.chron.
com/dogblog/2012/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=horizontal==:"
style="width:110px; height:20px;
[http://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://blog.chron.com
/dogblog/2012/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=horizontal==:]

http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://blog.chron.com/dogblog/2012
/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=false=button_count=100=false=like=light=20"
scrolling="no
[http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://blog.chron.com/dogblog/201
2/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=false=button_count=100=false=like=light=20]

If you are a dog lover at all, you have probably seen this video and the updates
on the "Argentine mastiff " or Dogo Argentino [http://www.dogousa.org/]biting an
anchorwoman on live television.

http://c.brightcove.com/services/viewer/federated_f9?isVid=1
[http://c.brightcove.com/services/viewer/federated_f9?isVid=1]

And you may have seen the piece on owner, Michael Robinson, questioning animal
control officials for keeping his dog, Max, at the shelter, rather than letting
him return home or being kept at a vet's office.

And you may have seen that the dog, Max, now is finally back home
[http://www.denverpost.com/colorado/ci_19995589].

The anchorwoman, Kyle Dyer, is recovering from 70 stitches to her mouth.

All this sickens and saddens me, and hits close to home.

I own a dogo, Xavier, one of my four dogs I write about on this blog.

I also have been bitten
[http://blog.chron.com/dogblog/2010/03/what-would-you-do-if-your-dog-bit-you/]on
the mouth by a dog at one point, by my own (at the time) Jack Russell terrier.

And being in the communication business, I realize what damage this highly
broadcasted incident has done to the reputation of the breed to the general
public.

I am hoping there are lessons learned here.

I would like to think Dyer learned never to put her face down into the face of
any dog, even her own, no matter how sweet-looking, how beautiful or how loving
it appears to her.

And I would like to think and I hope most fervently that Michael Robinson, the
owner of Max, learned one big lesson.

The responsibility of dog ownership, especially ownership of a large, powerful
dog.

Robinson allowed his dog offleash in a potentially dangerous situation, which
led to a domino falling of events. He did not know dogs well enough to watch for
signs of his dog's distress as Max strained to lean away from the anchorwoman
and he did not protect his dog by gauging the situation correctly, which
culminated in injury to a human being.

When you own a dog, particularly one of a large, aggressive breed, you assume a
great responsibility.

I can compare it to having a perpetual teenager. You have to protect your teen
from hurting himself and hurting others. You don't allow him to drive before he
is ready, because he may have an accident and hurt himself and hurt other
people. You keep him from drugs and alcohol and unsafe sex for the same reasons.

The concept is the same with a dog, only he never grows up and you watch over
him all his life. It is an awesome task, when you think about it, and most
people don't have a clue when they adopt that fuzzy bright-eyed puppy.

And if you shirk it, you have not only the safety of your dog, but the safety of
all around him on your conscience. Because Max was lucky. His scenario was out
front for all to see. Many dogs that bite humans are put down.

Dogo Argentinos are a magnificent breed, genetically selected to hunt and
protect their families.

http://www.youtube.com/embed/2P5bFr3B6qs
[http://www.youtube.com/embed/2P5bFr3B6qs]

They are not an old breed, which might account for some raw edges in the
breeding process. And they are attractive to some who stoke their egos by owning
a powerful dog.

I feature Xavier in this blog from time to time. I perhaps foster an innocence
about the breed, showing photos of him sleeping, cuddling, wearing funny hats,
etc.

But there is another side to this big dog we love.

He takes his job, to protect our family, seriously. It is what he is bred to do.
He is 120 pounds, with powerful jaws and great determination. He is not the dog
for a novice dog owner. Even though he is a big baby to us, his family, he is
not that way to the outside world.

Should someone walk down our street, he roars and runs to the fence, focusing
only on protecting his home. It is quite daunting to others. There is no trace
of the sweet boy who follows me about the house, and snuggles up at my feet.

While X does his job of trying to protect me, I have to protect him from the
world.

When he goes outside the fence, on a leash only, he wears a comfortable muzzle,
because we have found some people rush up to him and want to pet him. He does
not want strange people touching him and sometimes I am not quick enough to make
introductions or to tell them to back off. It is amazing the number of people
who will not stand back and ask if they can pet your dog. I would like to say to
them, "people, life is not a Disney cartoon. Animals can behave unpredictably.
Use a little sense."

A lot of people could benefit from this video.

http://www.youtube.com/embed/3D-zKp1Lnx4
[http://www.youtube.com/embed/3D-zKp1Lnx4]

I have a strong 8-foot fence, carefully fortified and I do all I can to make
sure no one can enter it, or no dog can leave it without my permission.

And I watch him, closely, when he is in unknown situations, for the tilt of his
tail, the positioning of his body.

Dogs can't speak and say, "Ok, back off, leave me alone." If they can't get
away, they usually react like Max.

As I said before, it is quite a responsibility. You have to take it seriously,
or you have no business with such a dog.

http://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://blog.chron.com/
dogblog/2012/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=horizontal==:" style="width:110px;
height:20px;
[http://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://blog.chron.com
/dogblog/2012/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=horizontal==:]

http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://blog.chron.com/dogblog/2012
/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=false=button_count=100=false=like=light=20"
scrolling="no
[http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://blog.chron.com/dogblog/201
2/02/dog-bites-man-its-mans-fault/=false=button_count=100=false=like=light=20]


LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: HO-3565

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Dog Breath


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   3BL Blogs

                     February 21, 2012 Tuesday 3:34 PM EST

Susquehanna Service Dogs' PawsAbilities 2012 Is a Weekend for the Dogs!

LENGTH: 512 words


Source: Keystone Human Services

SUMMARY:

The 16th annual PawsAbilities has fun activities for every dog and their owner.
Susquehanna Service Dogs will hold this celebration of dogs on March 10-11 from
9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg, PA. PawsAbilities
includes Dog Olympics, Central PA's Cutest Dog Contest, Flyball Dogs Anonymous,
demonstrations and classes on dog training, vendors, and more! All proceeds
benefit Susquehanna Service Dogs.

PRESS RELEASE:

(3BL Media / theCSRfeed) Harrisburg, PA - February 21, 2012 - Looking for
something fun to do with your dog this winter? Come to the 16th annual
PawsAbilities on March 10-11 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Farm Show Complex in
Harrisburg, PA! Benefitting Susquehanna Service Dogs, PawsAbilities has
something for every dog and dog lover.

This year, PawsAbilities is going to feature new games and activities. New for
2012, Smart Dog University owner Laurie Luck, a Karen Pryor-trained instructor,
will teach a free class based on her Puppy Charm School. This is a wonderful
opportunity for dogs and owners to start polishing their skills. Bridget of Bow
Wow Grooming will also demonstrate how to teach dogs new tricks.

Returning favorites includes the ever popular Dog Olympic Games! Dogs can also
compete in Central PA's Cutest Dog Contest and march in the Abrams & Weakley
Parade. Other activities include the Great Biscuit Bite-Off, costume contest,
Kody Kup Walk, Doga, and lots of vendors.

And don't forget about the Canine Good Citizen and Therapy Dog International
tests! If you and your dog pass both tests, you will join an elite group of
therapy dogs and their owners who are certified to make therapy visits.
Preregistration is required.

Tickets for PawsAbilities cost $8 for adults, $4 for children ages 4-12 and are
available online through March 5. After March 5, tickets will be available at
the door, $10 for adults, $5 for children.

For registration and ticket information, as well as more information about all
of the activities, visit www.pawsabilities.net.

PawsAbilities benefits Susquehanna Service Dogs. Accredited by Assistance Dogs
International, SSD united people and service dogs to assist men, women and
children to become more independent. Currently, SSD has placed over 195 service
dogs with individuals in Pennsylvania and the surrounding states.

For more information about Susquehanna Service Dogs and Keystone Human Services,
visit www.keystonehumanservices.org.

KEY21269

Tweet me: Bring your family and dog to @SSDOGS's PawsAbilities on March 10-11 at
the Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg, PA! http://3bl.me/fe4wy9

Contact Info:

Nancy Fierer

Susquehanna Service Dogs

nfierer@keystonehumanservices.org

717-599-5920

http://www.keystonehumanservices.org/ssd

Ann Moffitt

Keystone Partnership

amoffitt@keystonehumanservices.org

717-232-7509

http://www.keystonehumanservices.org

KEYWORDS: harrisburg pa; human services; Keystone Human Services; paw abilities;
service dogs;

Original post on the CSR Feed:
http://3blmedia.com/theCSRfeed/Susquehanna-Service-Dogs
-PawsAbilities-2012-Weekend-Dogs


LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: TBLM-6759

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 3BL Blogs


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Northwest Voices: Letters to the Editor

                     February 19, 2012 Sunday 12:26 AM EST

Response to Westminster Dog Show

LENGTH: 433 words


Westminster is not about rescues, shelters or mixed-breed dogs

Claudine Erlandson needs to face a little reality. ["Westminster Dog Show,"
Northwest Voices, Feb. 17]. Yes, there are purebreds in shelters and rescues,
but in most cases they are not from the "noblesse oblige" that is reputable,
ethical breeders. You simply cannot lump all breeders in the same category. And
the vast majority of pets in shelters are mixes.

I'd like to point out that David Frei was a board member of one of our esteemed
local animal shelters and he in fact sponsored me, a RESCUE person, to become a
member of that same board. Frei cares about the plight of all dogs, but
Westminster is not about rescues, shelters or mixed-breed dogs. It is an event
for people who have spent countless hours and sums of money to get there.

We in the dog world have many interests. Winning best in show at Westminster has
never been on my bucket list and the majority of my dogs have been rescues. In
fact I have worked with Doberman rescue for over 25 years now. The Doberman is
my number-one choice of breed and I would like to make sure that I will always
have one by my side. While I do rescue, I also call some wonderful breeders my
friends and would love to have one of their breedings as I know the love,
attention, care, etc. that goes into those litters. Keep in mind not all
champion dogs are bred! I've known of many who were spayed/neutered once their
title was earned.

We need dedicated breeders, like those who show at Westminster Kennel Club, to
ensure there will always be well-bred dogs to choose from.

- Nancy E. Phillips, co-rep, Seattle Purebred Doberman Rescue, Seattle

Westminster needs to set the example

I would like to give kudos to Claudine Earlandon. If a dog show as prestigious
as Westminster will not support adoption of shelter animals, maybe they need to
rethink their position.

Claudine is sadly correct. Many purebred dogs do wind up in shelters, and some
of these animals are taken to shelters by people that show and breed dogs.

Of all the dog shows across this country, Westminster needs to set the example,
not be "dog snobs."

Too many dogs are being abused, neglected, and killed for that, and the dogs
need all the help they can get. I own six dogs of my own, with two rescued dogs
and a shelter adoptee. I'm also taking classes to train dogs, and I plan to
specialize in training and rehabilitating shelter and rescue dogs.

I believe that all dog shows should be involved with animal adoption in some
way, even if they only make donations of food. Every little bit helps.

- Patricia Willett, Chester, S.C.


LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SE-3860

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
             Copyright 2012 Northwest Voices: Letters to the Editor


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     February 17, 2012 Friday 10:50 AM EST

Dog Food in France - Market Report

LENGTH: 294 words


Based on provisional estimates, premium dry dog food is expected to continue to
register one of the strongest performances in pet care during 2011, with sales
set to increase by 5% in current value terms. Dog treats is also expected to
continue to post impressive growth, in line with the positive performance
recorded in 2010. This ongoing progress in premium dry dog food and dog treats
reflects both the rising demand for high quality on the part of French dog
owners and the convenience these...

Euromonitor International's Dog Food in France report offers a comprehensive
guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the
latest retail sales data 2007-2011, allowing you to identify the sectors driving
growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers
strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2016 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2012 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     SBWire

                      February 17, 2012 Friday 6:19 PM EST

New Puppy Owners Learn Essential Dog Training Tips from the New Site
'DogTrickAcademy.com

LENGTH: 528 words


Ontario, Canada -- (SBWIRE) -- 02/17/2012 -- With the holidays and Valentine's
Day having recently come and gone, many people may be lucky enough to be
currently experiencing the joys of owning a new puppy, from their sweet kisses
to their cute puppy antics.

But odds are, not all of their behaviors are so adorable. Whether they are
leaving puddles around the house or choosing furniture for their method of
teething, dogs can be a handful making dog obedience training essential.

More than 13,000 dog owners have already joined the newly launched dog training
resource DogTrickAcademy.com to gain insight from industry professionals and
other experienced pet owners. Featuring in-depth dog training tips, the free
online community provides new puppy owners with the tools they need to teach
their best friends the proper ways to behave. The site also features a variety
of information regarding all things puppy-related, including dog tricks, health,
behavior problems, sports, toys, food and treats, and a comprehensive overview
of the multitude of dog breeds.

New owners in need of extensive dog training information can learn the most
effective techniques to use when teaching their puppy almost anything from
DogTrickAcademy.com.

Some of the most recent dog training posts on the site include clicker training,
off-leash walking, separation anxiety, dog aggression, begging, potty training,
teaching toys, crate training, commands and many more. There are also a number
of helpful articles, including "10 Essential Puppy Training Tips," "Best Dog
Training Motivators: Food, Toys & Praise," and "The Dog Crate Training Game."

According to DogTrickAcademy.com, new dog owners can find all of the information
they need to learn to have fun with their dog, while having control over their
actions.

"Getting the right dog advice from an experienced trainer is one of the most
powerful time-saving things you could do," states the site. "Our blog is
jam-packed with valuable information on just about every dog topic you can think
of and a whole bunch that you've never thought of before, all designed to help
you get the most enjoyment from your dog."

Members of DogTrickAcademy.com can respond to posts from other members, as well
as post new topics regarding any questions they may have or helpful tips they
may have discovered.

To join the new Dog Trick Academy community, visit
http://www.DogTrickAcademy.com

About DogTrickAcademy.com

Recently launched, DogTrickAcademy.com is a top-notch dog training resource
providing new dog owners with a host of insightful information from industry
experts and other experienced dog owners. With more than 13,000 members, the
site offers a variety of material regarding all things puppy-related, including
dog training, tricks, health, behavior problems, sports, toys, food and treats,
and a comprehensive overview of the multitude of dog breeds.

For more information on this press release visit:
http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/new-puppy-owners-learn-essential-dog
-training-tips-from-the-new-site-dogtrickacademycom-127639.htm

Media Relations Contact

Jean Cote

Email: Click to Email Jean Cote

Web: http://www.dogtrickacademy.com/


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SBWI-7162

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2012 SBWire


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Deadspin

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 6:16 PM EST

Looking For Love On Valentine's Day At Westminster [Westminster Dog Show]

LENGTH: 758 words


I have a girlfriend and a cat, and at Westminster I feel like I'm cheating on
both. When's the last time you fell in love at first sight? When your heart and
soul was completely handed over within seconds of meeting someone? When you and
a complete stranger fell into a slobbery make-out session, with extra tongue,
and you didn't care who saw? This is the dog show, where a random Golden
Retriever will climb up on you just because you made eye contact, and it is the
biggest meat market on Earth.

On Valentine's Day, love was in the air at Westminster. Dogs were decked out for
the occasion, while people were straight up getting married. The breeders of a
Tibetan Mastiff named Major literally wed right there in the backstage benching
area, in front of god and dog.

One thing to keep in mind is that every dog is eligible-no one is fixed. There's
no money to be made from winning dog shows. The real cash comes from breeding
your successful dog, ideally to another successful dog, and Westminster is
filled with only successful dogs. Breeders exchange cards, so it's like
networking in a way, but the subtext hanging over the show is that the end game
for every dog is to plow/get plowed by its contemporaries. See this dobie? She's
lovely. Before her life is through, she's probably going to be inseminated by
half of the other Dobermans she met today.

As none of the dogs are fixed, literally all they want to do is meet other dogs.
This Lab's sadness is palpable when she stares forlornly at the parade of he-
dogs walking past.

You think this little terrier doesn't want to slip his lead and go hump
everything in sight? Then you don't know this terrier.

A sad Golden Retriever? This should never be. (You have no idea how close this
slideshow came to being a Buzzfeed-style "25 photos of Golden Retrievers at
Westminster.")

This poor service dog had it the worst. She was working, so she couldn't mingle
with dogs or people. If there's anything more heartbreaking than a sweet dogs
wearing a vest that says "please don't pet me," I'd like to see it, and then
commit suicide.

Love did blossom elsewhere. The Bernese Mountain Dog is perhaps the friendliest
breed of dog there is, and this one seemed to have radar for the nearest child.
Day: made.

This Dogue de Bordeaux is a selfish lover. He rolls over, presents his belly,
and lets an endless parade of willing johns do the scratching.

Nobody is loved like a winner. These crates contain yesterday's group winners,
who will compete for tonight's Best in Show ribbon. You'd presume their owners
and handlers would prefer to keep them relaxed back at the hotel today, but show
regulations require them to be in the arena all day. So they lounge in their
crates, sealed off from the world as much as possible.

But even champions have to piss. Ian the Dalmatian, who won the non-sporting
group yesterday and tonight has a 1 in 7 chance of being named Best in Show,
emerged from his crate long enough to make a bathroom run. (At Westminster, the
bathrooms are pits filled with sawdust shavings.) As Ian did his business, word
went through the crowd: a champion is among us! By the time Ian emerged from the
privy, he was surrounded by a very Westminster sort of paparazzi: middle-aged
women with cell phone cameras.

This is a mop. Sorry, not sure how this got in here.

This is Schmitty the Weather Dog. As best I can tell, a dog becomes a Weather
Dog by patiently wearing a vest and bow tie while his owner tells you the
forecast.

A Golden Retriever and a nun. America! Jesus! Puppies!

Part of love is jealousy. I knelt to photograph this stunning husky, and almost
immediately found myself being barked at by her compatriot.

That's him barking because, and I shit you not, I was paying attention to a dog
that wasn't him. Dogs, like people, can be needy.

Hello, beautiful.

This is Hondo the Leonberger, and I thought he could be The One. It's not
captured in these photos, but Hondo was all over me-licking my eyes and my ears,
standing up to put his paws on my shoulders. When 150 pounds of Leonberger says
he's going to make out with you, you don't say no. And much like Susan George in
Straw Dogs, I'm not sure I wanted to say no.

Hondo was rough but tender, and for a moment I believed his lyin' eyes.

Later on, I saw Hondo pulling his old "I'm a friendly dog" routine on another
human. I was absolutely crushed, but I should have known better. You can't keep
someone that pretty to yourself. You have to let him fly free, like a bird.

There will be other Hondos. There will be other Westminsters. Until next year.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GAWK-0011

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Deadspin


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 8:04 PM EST

Dogs Against Romney protest at dog show, saying 'Mitt is mean'

LENGTH: 497 words


A group known as Dogs Against Romney, mobilized about a dozen demonstrators
outside the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in front of Madison Square Garden
to protest Mitt Romney's treatment of his Irish setter, Seamus, during a family
vacation in 1983.

USA Today reports Dogs Against Romney, in a press release, had invited
protesters to gather in front of the Madison Square Garden, saying it invited
"everyone who believes dogs aren't luggage" to participate.

According to IB Times, the story first reported by the Boston Globe in 2007
generated considerable media attention. Romney himself admitted that he put the
dog inside a crate and strapped it on the roof rack of his car all through a
12-hour drive from Boston to Canada.

Dog lovers have often argued that Romney's treatment of the dog is a reflection
of his global values. According to IB Times, one of the protesters John
Davenport of Upper West Side in New York, said: "Dogs deserve our love and
concern. You feel more comfortable about people that love animals."

The group, whose spokeswoman Kitty Hendrix claimed has about 25,000 members,
carried signs that said: "Mitt is Mean," "Dogs Aren't Luggage" and "I Ride
Inside." Hendrix said the group was taking advantage of the event by the
Westminster Kennel Club, and was taking care not to interrupt the show.

The group got mixed reactions from people walking past. The Washington Post
reports some passers-by stopped to talk to the protesters, while a man walking
past hollered: "Dogs don't vote!"

One of the protesters Al Alvarez, who held a bull terrier on the leash, said his
dog Petey rides in a crate in the back seat because "he's always trying to shift
the gears." He said: "I think Romney's attitude toward dogs was indicative of
his attitude toward the most vulnerable in our society."

Spokeswoman for the American Kennel Club Lisa Peterson, said she was aware of
the story about Romney. She said: "The AKC promotes responsible dog ownership.
Putting a dog in a crate for car travel is the first step toward responsible dog
ownership. The second step would be to put that crate in a car."

IB Times comments, however, that the protesters have issues with more than just
Romney's treatment of his dog. One of the protesters, according to IB Times,
admitted "the dog issue wouldn't be a deal breaker if he agreed with Romney's
other policies." Another said: "If I was a standard Republican, God forbid, it
might make me reconsider." The protester said Romney has "so much stuff that he
represents that I don't like." He also said "the whole collection of Republican
presidential candidates was 'wildly inappropriate.'"

The Washington Post reports Romney has also been criticized by his Republican
rivals on his treatment of his dog, Seamus. Republican Party presidential
nomination candidate Newt Gingrich, included in a reel of Romney' s gaffs, a Fox
News interview in which Romney tried to defend his action, saying he had kept
the dog in a "completely airtight kennel."


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 Digital Journal


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 10:19 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Life of a Prize-Winning Greater Swiss Mountain Dog Is
More Than Shows [PHOTOS]

LENGTH: 598 words


The Greater Swiss Mountain Dog was one of the preferred breeds competing at the
Westminster Dog Show in New York this week. Ten championship dogs from around
the country competed for the Best of Breed award, but each has a unique
background illustrating how the life of a prize-winning dog is about more than
mere competitions.

Nox's George Bailey's Irish Crème, known as George, was the winner of the Best
of Breed award for the Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs. While George is an avid
competitor, he also serves as the official mascot of the University of
Virginia's women's rugby team. His co-owner, Nancy Kechner, is the coach of the
rugby team. In addition, the nearly three-year-old Greater Swiss Mountain Dog
trains for weight pulling competitions and has pulled over 3,300 pounds in
shows. He won the breed's national specialty as a two-and-a-half year old.

Ava, another Greater Swiss Mountain Dog, has made a name for herself as a
survivor. Last July, Ava flat-lined on a heart monitor in the emergency room,
however a veterinarian was able to revive Ava after shocking her heart. Greater
Swiss Mountain Dog underwent surgery to have her stomach tacked and her spleen
was removed. Since the near-death experience, Ava has continued to successfully
compete in dog shows.

Other Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs competing are well-known family dogs and
recognizable figures in their neighborhoods. One of the competing Greater Swiss
Mountain Dogs, Oscar the Grouch, lives in New York in a high-rise building in
Murray Hill, eight blocks from Madison Square Garden. Oscar is not quite 2 years
old yet and finished his championship in three months. He is well known in his
neighborhood despite being one of more than one hundred dogs living in his
building.

Similarly, Gabby, a three-and-a-half year old Greater Swiss Mountain Dog, has
earned a reputation as a loyal family dog. She has competed successfully in
shows for fun, but treats competing as an extra-curricular hobby more than a
career. Gabby recently gave birth to a litter of puppies and one of her sons
will begin training for dog competitions in the near future.

Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs can begin training for competitions as young as six
months old, though they normally begin to train at around nine months old. The
male dogs often wait to compete until after they have reached maturity as their
larger stature and developed build is highly valued in the competition. Bitches
are also more successful after they have given birth as they grow into their
fully matured forms.

Part of the Working group, the dogs are robust performers capable of completing
rough farm work in mountainous regions. They also enjoy hiking, carting,
herding, weight pulling, backpacking and obedience trials. While the breed is
large, sturdy, calm and confident, it is also sociable, active and loves being
part of a family.

The solid dogs are judged by how closely they adhere to the "ideal standard" of
the Greater Swiss Mountain breed. The American Kennel Club identifies the ideal
breed as "striking, tri-colored, large, powerful, confident... and of sturdy
appearance." The AKC claims the ideal dog has an "animated and gentle"
expression with medium-sized, almond-shaped brown eyes. Blue eyes are a
disqualification. The winning Greater Swiss Mountain dog must be a "bold,
faithful [and] willing working" that is "alert and vigilant."

The Greater Swiss Mountain Dog was developed in the Swiss Alps and is believed
to be related to indigenous dogs in the Swiss mountains, which mated with large
Mastiff types brought to the country by foreign settlers.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 9:20 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Campaigns, Advertisements Make Dog Shows an Expensive
Hobby

LENGTH: 957 words


NEW YORK -- The Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, arguably the world's most
famous dog show, wrapped up on Tuesday night when judge Cindy Vogel crowned
Malachy, a Pekingese, as the Best in Show.

The owners of the Pekingese didn't receive a cash prize from Westminster -- only
a silver bowl and a ribbon -- but could potentially benefit financially through
increased breeding interest. Breeding is the way that show dog owners can make
money on what is a very expensive hobby to most. Just how big of an impact that
a win at Westminster can have financially often depends on the dog's breed.

Reuters reported last year that the Scottish Deerhound, 2011's Best in Show,
wouldn't create too much of a spike in price and interest. Part of that was
based on the dog's relatively hefty 85-pound frame, while the significantly
lighter Pekingese could generate more interest. The Pekingese is already a
popular dog, but that increased exposure on a national scale can help with more
awareness about its best qualities.

It is not just the winners of Best in Show that can benefit from a win at
Westminster, though. With over 185 breeds competing at the dog show, hundreds of
dogs could see an uptick in interest and notoriety if they place within their
group.

One dog that will likely see a major boon of interest in breeding is Ace, a
two-year-old black cocker spaniel. Ace, a little-known dog that mostly shows in
Canada, knocked off the world's No. 1 dog of 2011, Beckham, in the breed
competition. The win sent shock waves throughout the dog show industry and
created a major buzz in the handsome young cocker spaniel.

"A lot of people are interested in breeding with him now," Mark Ragusa, Ace's
breeder, said after the big win. "He's very typey. When you look at what the
type should be, that's Ace."

Ragusa and the dog's handler, Marlene Ness, were swarmed by a throng of
on-lookers after Dr. Donald Sturz crowned it as the best black cocker spaniel.
It was a good example of a lot of what Westminster is -- networking for
breeding. There were hushed conversations, exchanging of business cards, and
more to set up future breeding opportunities.

Nancy Huether, owner of East Wind Kennels in Cape Cod, was passing out business
cards about Mastiffs throughout the Westminster show. She said that her two
Mastiffs, Bada Bing and Phillip, drew a lot of attention for their beauty
throughout the show, but it was after both placed in the Mastiff show that a
wave of people came over to congratulate her and inquire about the dogs.

Huether said she "will have a waiting list now" to get a Mastiff puppy or an
opportunity to breed with one of the two dogs she brought with her to the show.
Breeding is how Huether offsets some of her costs -- she estimates that she
spends around $70,000 a year on dog shows -- but that she puts the majority of
the money back into showing the dogs.

That $70,000 a year might sound astronomical to some, but she said that others
routinely spend more than six figures on campaigning their dogs around the
country. Within the Mastiff breed competition, the owners of Oliver Twist spent
$80,000 alone on advertising the dog in dog magazines and catalogues.

The dog magazines are sent to dog judges for free, while those in the industry
typically subscribe to the biggest ones, especially Dog News, to get the latest
in dog trends. The owners recently spent $4,000 on a massive inside cover for
Oliver, but the money spent didn't have much of an impact on the judging -- the
dog didn't place.

Those within the dog industry are mixed on whether making huge investments in
magazines actually have an impact on placing at shows. The thought is that the
advertisements raise awareness and could impact judges -- subconsciously or not
-- to pick those dogs when it comes to award Best in Breed.

Sturz, who picked Ace over the much more well-known Beckham, thinks that the
magazines do have an impact, but that you have to dismiss it once you get out on
the green carpet.

"I think it's only human that to be aware of all the factors that exist but you
have to be able to dismiss them," he said. "It takes a conscience effort to
black it all out."

Helma Weeks, who judged the Mastiff competition that featured Oliver Twist,
reads some of the dog magazines, but doesn't think they have any impact on her.

"I read some (of the magazines," Weeks said. "But I mostly read it for the
editorials. It's interesting to see what's going on but that's it."

 Whether it has a major impact or not -- Huether personally doesn't think it's
worth it -- it still showcases all of the money that is being used to compete in
dog shows. It has become a very expensive hobby of the rich and costs a lot of
money to show dogs around the country, even if you aren't actively campaigning
or advertising.

Judy Schmidt, a pug breeder, estimated that it takes a minimum $6,000 to $7,000
to pay entrance fees and transportation costs for dog shows over the course of a
year. She travels around in a motor home to save money on hotels, but that the
costs still add up over time. Kay Pappas, another pug breeder, estimated that
figure was closer to $14,000 to $15,000 for her.

"You make no money if you do this right," Schmidt said. "People strive to just
break even. 70 percent don't make money off of this."

Another women sitting near Schmidt chimed in that the figure was closer to 90
percent of the people are losing money on showing dogs.

Schmidt and Pappas said that one way to make money is through breeding, but that
many within the industry didn't breed just for the sake of money. Instead many
are insistent on putting their dogs in the right homes and often keep a few of
the valuable puppies because they love the dogs so much.

"We don't do this for the money," she said.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 4:49 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Best of the Big Dogs from the Great Pyrenees to
Mastiffs [PHOTOS]

LENGTH: 163 words


The 136th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show took place this week in New
York with a Pekingese named Malachy winning Best in Show. While the tiny
Pekingese wowed the audience with its coiffured fur and its cute prancing, there
were also a great number of large dogs weighing up to 250 pounds that impressed
spectators as well.

Among the big dogs competing at the Westminster Dog Show, there were Mastiffs,
Great Pyrenees, Golden Retrievers, Great Danes, Boxers, Australian Shepherds,
Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs and Irish Wolfhounds. The larger dogs competed in
the Working Dogs, Sporting Dogs, Hounds and Non-Sporting Dogs groups.

Meet some of the best-looking big dogs that showed off their gait, coat and
temperament at the Westminster Dog Show this week.

Related Article: Westminster Dog Show 2012: Who Were the Winners of Groups and
Best in Show? [FULL RESULTS]

Related Article: Couple Marries in Unlikely Valentine's Day Wedding at the 2012
Westminster Dog Show [PHOTOS]


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 12:04 AM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Does My Dog Stack Up with the Best?

LENGTH: 661 words


Similar to proud parents, dog owners are typically boastful of the handsomeness
of their animal and feel it stands above the rest.

Like those aforementioned dog owners, I typically feel that my six-year-old pug
named Rudy is one of the cutest dogs on Earth, even if he could probably stand
to lose a few pounds.

My main man Rudy

I wanted to put my theory to the test and evaluate my lovable, yet chubby pug
against the world's best at the Westminster Kennel Club dog show at Madison
Square Garden this week.

On Monday morning I was ecstatic with the idea of seeing and petting a variety
of pugs. I picked a good spot by the sixth ring of the Madison Square Garden
Theater and began taking as many pictures as possible once the pugs began
strutting their stuff on the green carpet. Twenty pugs competed during the breed
competition and many were gorgeous, but I still felt pretty good about how my
little, pudgy Rudy stacked up.

Pugs!! Everywhere!!

The pugs pranced around the small ring -- playful, yet attentive -- while making
their signature heavy breathing noises. Their scrunched up faces make it
difficult for them to breathe at times but add a certain discernible cuteness to
them. After a few laps around the ring, and with an increased amount of heavy
panting emulating from the dogs, Walter was crowned as the Best of Breed.

Walter was crowned the best pug.

Walter's owner was nowhere to be found so I settled on talking to the handler of
Gibbs, a pug that won an Award of Merit. His handler told me that Gibbs comes
from a bit of a pug dynasty and he fared well because he embodied the pug type.
The apparent pug type, according to her, was a super square body, beautiful
round eyes, and legs that are like "little tree stumps."

Gibbs was one of the top pugs at Westminster.

Those all seem to apply to my little round mound of cute, but it's clear that
there is more to becoming a champion show dog than just being a cute dog.

I decided to try to get some more intel on the pug dog show route when I saw
Peaches, an stunning two-year-old female pug. Peaches didn't place during the
breed competition, but seemed to have everything you'd be looking for in a pug
-- square head, nice neck, dark eyes, etc.

Peaches was one of our favorites at Westminster.

Judy Schmidt, who was with Peaches and has been breeding pugs for 35 years, said
she loves pugs because they are "tough little dogs in a big package." She said
the key to putting together a winning show pug is "food and lots of love." Food
is something that seems to guide all of the show dogs at Westminster -- handlers
are constantly biting pieces of treat and feeding them to the dogs to keep them
in line.

That strategy seems to be particularly effective for pugs, who are known as
voracious eaters. At home, my dog Rudy would do anything necessary in order to
get more food or a treat. In fact, he started hamming it up for me when I was
taking his picture once he realized he was getting a treat out of it. After a
few treats and a few photos, he gave up on being cooperative once he realized he
wasn't getting a treat for every picture. Rudy, like most dogs, is smart --
especially when it comes to food.

Rudy showing off his chubby side for treats.

A few dog treats does not make a pug champion, though. The dog's looks and its
temperament play a major party in how it fares in dog shows, but other factors
can have a major impact. One of the most talked about factors this week at
Westminster was the impact that advertising and campaigning has on how the dogs
place. Some dog owners spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on having their
dog's picture appear in different dog magazines and catalogues.

Unfortunately for my Rudy, I'm not quite ready to shell out a few thousand
dollars to get him in magazines for a chance to win a ribbon or two. But I'd
maintain that he'd have as good as a shot as any to win if he was just a few
years younger and a few pounds lighter.

He'll always be a champion to me, though.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Nation Now (Los Angeles Times)

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 8:42 PM EST

BLOG: Nation Now: Best in show: How the Pekingese breed earned 'Lion Dog'
nickname

BYLINE: Rene Lynch

LENGTH: 616 words


Feb. 15--[http://framework.latimes.com/2012/02/13/westminster-dog-show/#/0]

Best in show honors at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Tuesday night
went to Malachy, a Pekingese who did proud a truly ancient breed. Dating back to
the 8th century and the Tang Dynasty, the breed once held court as the lapdog
companion of emperors.

Do not be fooled by the teeny tiny dog that rarely hits 15 pounds. The Pekingese
breed is actually quite muscular, and its regal bearing and fierce loyalty
helped earn it the nickname Lion Dog.

Legend has it that a long, long time ago in "the mists of time," a lion fell in
love with a tiny marmoset monkey. But such a love was impossible. The lion
begged the deity that ruled the animal kingdom to shrink him down to size so he
could marry his true love. But his heart remained its original size, according
to Asian History.com
[http://asianhistory.about.com/od/china/p/History-of-the-Pekingese-Dog.htm], and
it is from this union that the Pekingese, or Fu Lin -- Lion Dog -- was born.

PHOTOS: Westminster Kennel Club dog show
[http://framework.latimes.com/2012/02/13/westminster-dog-show/#/0]

In reality, the site says, DNA studies show that the Pekingese breed closely
mimics the genetic composition of wolves and is among the purest breeds of dogs
on Earth, making it a very ancient breed indeed.

The dogs' appearance is marked by a long-haired coat and ears that lend a
heart-shaped look to their otherwise wide, flat head. They may look dainty and
delicate, but they're surprisingly muscular and stocky, according to the
American Kennel Club.

"Pekingese possess a regal dignity, intelligence and self-importance, making
them good-natured, opinionated and affectionate family companions," according
[http://www.akc.org/breeds/pekingese/] to the American Kennel Club.

Some other facts about Lion Dogs: They are front heavy. They can be any color.
They are difficult to housebreak. They are relatively "inactive," which makes
them ideal for indoor or apartment living. They're also prone to developing
Small Dog Syndrome, [http://www.dogbreedinfo.com/pekingese.htm] that
human-induced disorder that allows small dogs to think they run the joint. And
those coats, as you might imagine, need plenty of brushing.

Pekingese get their name from the ancient Chinese city of Peking, now known as
Beijing. Chinese art through the centuries -- ink drawings, bronze figures, clay
sculptures and the like -- often celebrated the Pekingese. At one point in
history, Lion Dogs could be owned only by royalty and were rarely seen outside
the emperor's palace. (Stealing such a dog resulted in death.)

That changed when the British invaded in 1860, according
[http://uk.pedigree.com/dog-and-puppy-finder/pekingese] to Pedigree UK. Upon
entering the Forbidden City, troops found Empress Tzu'Hai dead on the floor
after committing suicide rather than submit to invasion of the West. Guarding
her body were five Pekingese dogs. When the British returned home, they took the
breed with them.

RELATED:

Opinion: My furry Valentine
[http://opinion.latimes.com/opinionla/2012/02/my-furry-valentine.html]

A little dog wins big at Westminster
[http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-naw-westminster-dog
-show-20120215,0,3681559.story]

Best in show at Westminster dog show: A pipsqueak, Malachy
[http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/nationnow/2012/02/best-in-show-at-westminster-
dog-show-a-pipsqueak-malachy.html]

-- Rene Lynch

twitter.com/renelynch [http://twitter.com/renelynch]

Photo: Yep, I'm top dog: Malachy poses for photos moments after winning best in
show at the Westminster Kennel Dog Show at Madison Square Garden in New York
City. Credit: Michael Nagle / Getty Images


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: LA-111742

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Nation Now


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Opinion L.A. (Los Angeles Times)

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 2:12 AM EST

BLOG: Opinion L.A.: Dogs to Mitt: We are not luggage!

BYLINE: Carla Hall

LENGTH: 521 words


Feb. 14--[http://opinion.latimes.com/.a/6a00d8341c7de353ef0168e75d4576970c-pi]

Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney has critics in all corners, and
his furry ones came out -- accompanied by their people -- to protest Tuesday.
About a dozen humans and a few dogs turned out at a demonstration, organized by
supporters of the Dogs Against Romney website
[http://www.dogsagainstromney.com/], outside the Madison Square Garden site of
the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
[http://www.westminsterkennelclub.org/2012/show/info.html]in New York. The
demonstration had nothing to do with the show and everything to do with the now
infamous story of Romney's 1983 summer family vacation.

Romney and his wife loaded their sons and luggage in their Chevy station wagon
for a 12-hour drive from Boston to Romney's parents' cottage on Lake Huron in
Canada. They took the family dog, an Irish setter named Seamus, in a dog
carrier, attached to the roof of the car. According to the Boston Globe, where
this incident was reported in a 2007 series on the candidate, Romney did build a
windshield for the carrier. At one point, when it was obvious the dog had gone
to the bathroom in the carrier, Romney stopped the car at a gas station and
hosed off the dog.

The story, which became known among dog lovers as Crate-Gate, has drawn howls of
criticism since it was first reported and spawned a website, a Facebook page
[http://www.facebook.com/#!/DogsAgainstRomney] and the slogans "Dogs are not
luggage" and "I Ride Inside." No doubt the pampered show dogs inside the Garden
[http://framework.latimes.com/2012/02/13/westminster-dog-show/#/0]would have
given the protesters outside a paws-up on those sentiments.

In California, it's against the law to tether a dog unless its owner is doing "a
temporary task," or to keep a dog unsecured in an open pickup or to let it die
of heat stroke in an overheated car. It's difficult to find a law spelling out
whether your dog can travel in a kennel on top of a car, maybe because it's so
obviously a bad idea for the dog.

The American Kennel Club has a long list of tips
[http://www.akc.org/public_education/travel_tips.cfm]for transporting a dog
safely by car. All involve crating or securing the dog. AKC spokesperson Lisa
Peterson tells us, "We believe the safest place is inside the car in a crate."
The operative word here is inside the car. We pass this tip along to Romney in
case he decides to take a dog on the campaign trail.

ALSO:

Banning battery cages for egg-laying hens
[http://www.latimes.com/news/opinion/opinionla/la-ed-eggs-20120129,0,2454794.sto
ry]

PETA against cairn terrier as Kansas state dog
[http://opinion.latimes.com/opinionla/2012/02/peta-kansas-state-dog
-toto-cairn-terrier.html]

Malibu wire fox terrier goes for the double-crown
[http://www.latimes.com/news/opinion/opinionla/la-oe-morrison-westminster-dog
-show-20120213,0,3971114.column]

--Carla Hall

Photo: Dogs (that wouldn't deign to travel on top of a car) wait to be escorted
into a van from their hotel near the site of the Westminister Kennel Club dog
show in 2001. Credit: Suzanne Plunkett / Associated Press


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: LA-4368

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 Opinion L.A.


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  PrawfsBlawg

                    February 15, 2012 Wednesday 6:14 PM EST

Dog bites tv anchor, news at...

LENGTH: 331 words


Just a quick post about the potential consequences of this sad story: The 85 lb.
dog rescued from an icy lake on Tuesday is featured on television (morning news
show) with his rescuer, and then bites the tv anchor who moved closer to his
face. Animal experts have explained that the dog's body language was clearly
signalling his discomfort, yet the anchor persisted in trying to hug or cuddle
him.

Why did the dog need to be rescued? This story describes how the dog's owner
allowed the dog to be off leash, and when the dog spotted a coyote, his chase
instinct kicked in. He wound up falling into frigid water until firefighters
came to rescue him 20 minutes later.

The anchor required extensive surgery, the dog must be quarantined for 10 days
for signs of illness or rabies (he was not innoculated), and the dog's owner
received multiple citations: for allowing his dog off-leash, for allowing the
bite, and for failing to have his dog properly vaccinated.

There is so much wrong about this tale. On one side, we have an irresponsible
owner whose poor judgment nearly caused his dog to die of drowning or
hypothermia, who risked his dog's health & the health of anyone who comes into
contact with the dog with the failure to vaccinate, and who allowed his dog to
be featured on a "feel good" television segment the day after the dog
experienced such a traumatic experience. On the other side, we have a television
anchor so focused on getting the "feel good" moment on camera with the dog,
despite her own lack of knowledge of dog behavior and communication, to the
point where she was hospitalized and needed major reconstructive surgery. Caught
in the middle of two humans with poor judgment is the dog, who now must be
quarantined & subsequently treated as a dog with a vicious biting history.

The consequences will likely be felt by responsible dog owners everywhere who
grapple with the difficulties in finding suitable on-leash and safe off-leash
outlets for our canine companions.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PRFS-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 PrawfsBlawg


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 5:25 PM EST

Dog Food in Russia - Market Report

LENGTH: 275 words


Dog food saw healthy growth in both value and volume terms in 2011. The category
is still far from mature in Russia, as many people still feed their dogs with
food prepared at home. However, the marketing efforts of manufacturers have led
to greater knowledge of the advantages of prepared dog food. More and more dog
owners are now feeding their pets with wet or dry food bought in retail.

Euromonitor International's Dog Food in Russia report offers a comprehensive
guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the
latest retail sales data 2007-2011, allowing you to identify the sectors driving
growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers
strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2016 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2012 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 5:25 PM EST

Dog Food in Ukraine - Market Report

LENGTH: 266 words


Dog food, like other pet-related markets, experienced rapid growth (18%) to
UAH521 million in 2011; the economy's slowdown did not hamper the pace of its
development significantly. Typical consumers are not necessarily pet
enthusiasts, but rather ordinary working people who lack the time to prepare pet
meals from leftover human food.

Euromonitor International's Dog Food in Ukraine report offers a comprehensive
guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the
latest retail sales data 2007-2011, allowing you to identify the sectors driving
growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers
strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2016 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2012 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Deadspin

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 12:44 AM EST

Lapdogs And Luxury Boxes: A New-Look MSG Welcomes The Westminster Dog Show
[Westminster Dog Show]

LENGTH: 762 words


James Dolan hates this dog.

You'll believe this because at this point you'll believe anything negative you
hear about Dolan, the owner of the Knicks, Rangers, Madison Square Garden, MSG
Network, and all related properties. But it's true. The three-year process of
bringing the aged Garden kicking and screaming into semi-modernity is playing
hell on the Westminster Dog Show.

Yes, it's Deadspin's sixth year at Westminster, and the first after a summer of
literally 24/7 construction at MSG. The Garden Floor is still as green and as
perfect as ever, even if it's very strange that the Willis Reed tunnel no longer
exists. The judging process will look exactly the same on TV tonight, but the
heart of the event-the two days where the public can mingle with hundreds of
dogs, and gosh darn it are those dogs fun-has been cut.

There's less room due to the ongoing renovations, and that means fewer dogs: 20
percent fewer this year. I know that doesn't sound like much, being surrounded
by, say, 20 bulldogs rather than 25. But trust me. It makes a difference. It
also means more people crowded into the back, where the dogs hang out before and
after their judgment. Too many people and not enough space makes for an
uncomfortably low dog-to-person-in-between-you-and-the-dog ratio.

Next year, the Dog Show is pretty much banished from the Garden altogether,
going from the "world's most famous arena" to a second-rate expo center. Because
of the next, more invasive stage of MSG construction, everything save the
prime-time judging will take place in an unused cruise ship
pier-turned-exhibition space on the Hudson, far from public transportation or
the charms of Midtown.

It's not clear what will be waiting back at the Garden for Westminster in 2014.
Half of the floor space the dogs usually use has already been replaced by 18
luxury suites. James Dolan is making money at the expense of puppies.

For those of you new to the Dog Show experience, the judging is routinely the
most boring part. Also the most incomprehensible. For example, these are the
best four pugs in America.

A judge says this is the best pug in America. His name is Walter.

Each dog reacts differently to winning, but a good 75 percent look actively
excited when they're chosen. They're usually just feeding off the energy of
their handler, but you get the sense they know they've done something good.

Walter, on the other hand, clearly has no idea he is the best pug in America.

A winning dog poses for its picture. It's not unusual for a photographer to wear
a utility vest. But at Westminster, those pockets are stocked with squeaky toys
to hold the dog's attention long enough to get the glamour shot.

Okay, enough judging. Let's get to what we all came here to see: hardcore
nudity!

Oh man, this shiba inu, you guys. This shiba, from Alaska, she's pretty much a
dog hero:

Does lure coursing with sighthounds and has dabbled with carting alongside
working dogs, even though her cart isn't much bigger than a boot box. Nami is
also a therapy dog, with a specialty in geriatrics, including visits to
shut-ins, rehabilitation centers and recently the owner's mother in ICU. The dog
is also a service dog for the owner's father in detecting diabetes problems and
assists the owner's 90-year-old mother in closing drawers and doors about the
house. Nami and the owner-handler are active with a nonprofit girls group and
mentor teenage girls.

This one wins "most handsome."

This one wins "looks most like an emoticon."

And this one wins the award for dog I would most want to throw myself into
face-first and nuzzle like a giant stuffed animal.

Some dogs prefer their own stuffed animals. Here's a beagle sleeping on his
stuffed beagle, because beagles.

Hey, we sports now! Reese, a Tibetan terrier from Sheboygan, is supposedly a
Packers fan, down to the stuffed bear and color-coordinated hair clips.

And here's a downer. The show program is a little like a yearbook where owners
and trainers buy ads to congratulate their champion dogs. Then there's this
page, which for all the world looks like it was purchased in memory of a
departed dog. (It's actually in honor of the kennel's founders, but you wouldn't
know it from the champagne toast in front of the framed Afghan hound.)

Dogs sleeping: never not cute.

Dogs in pairs: never not cute.

A pair of sleeping dogs? Gold.

Herding dogs are just so eager to please and do whatever is asked of them.
They're the undrafted free agents of the dog world.

And we close with a corgi, because this is the internet and you have to have
one.

More from day two of Westminster tomorrow.


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GAWK-0011

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Deadspin


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 8:49 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: World's No. 1 Dog Loses in Breed Competition

LENGTH: 365 words


New York -- The No. 1 ranked show dog of 2011, a black cocker spaniel named
Casablanca's Thrilling Seduction, shockingly lost in its breed competition at
the Westminster Kennel Club dog show on Tuesday afternoon.

Casablanca's Thrilling Seduction came into the competition as the dog of 2011
and had the second-best odds to win Best in Show, but lost out to Ace, a
two-year-old dog handled by Marlene Ness. Ace has mostly been showed in Canadian
dog shows, but did finish select dog -- essentially No. 2 -- to Casablanca in
two competitions.

Ace didn't have near the amount of fan support that surrounded Casablanca's
every move, but Ness said that he has performed well in Canada, where she lives.
This was Ace's first time competing at Westminster, but will likely continue to
compete more in the United States as long as it stays successful.

Ace's victory was a major triumph for Ness and the dog's breeder Mark Ragusa,
but served as a big disappointment for Casablanca's owners. The dog was far and
away the top dog of 2011, according to point totals, and most expected it to
have a great shot at winning Best in Show. That disappointment was particularly
visible on Carolee Douglas, one of the dog's owners.

Douglas was visibly agitated by all of the attention being paid to the
victorious Ness and even at one point said, "I'm right here for God's sake." She
told a group of reporters afterwards that it was frustrating that a dog that had
only lost a few times in its career didn't make it out of its breed competition,
but that was what comes with the territory of judge subjectivity.

The subjectiveness of judges -- there is a type guideline to follow but judges
make their own decisions -- was a hot button issue throughout Madison Square
Garden for the two-day event, but breeder Ragusa doesn't think it is too big of
an issue.

"It's not frustrating," he said. "You just have to wait your turn. Especially
not frustrating when it's against a good dog."

"(Casblanca) is a great dog. But (Ace) is a great dog too."

Ace will compete later on Tuesday night in the Sporting Group. Last year
Casablanca won the Sporting Group before losing out to Foxcliffe Hickory Wind, a
Scottish Deerhound.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 2:49 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Sporting, Working, Terrier Groups Compete on Day 2

LENGTH: 781 words


The 136th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show continues Tuesday in New York
with its second day of canine primping, prancing and prize-winning.The second
day of the competition will feature dogs in the Sporting, Working and Terrier
Groups.

According to the American Kennel Club (AKC), Sporting dogs are naturally alert
and make likable, well-rounded companions. Members of the Group include
spaniels, settlers, retrievers and pointers. The Sporting dogs have strong
instincts in water, woods and fields. The breeds that will be competing on
Tuesday include, among others, the American Water Spaniel, the Cocker Spaniel,
the Golden Retriever and the Vizsla.

Working dogs will also be featured on Tuesday. These dogs have been historically
used by man to perform essential tasks like guarding property, pulling sleds or
performing rescues. The Working dogs are fast learners, intelligent, capable and
good companions. However, they need to be properly trained. The group includes,
among others, the Bernese Mountain Dog, the Boxer, the Doberman Pinscher, the
Dogue de Bordeaux, the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog, the Mastiff, the Rottweiler
and the Siberian Husky.

Terrier dogs will also be judged in Tuesday's competition. Terrier's have a
range of personalities and are feisty, energetic dogs. They come in a variety of
sizes and usually have little tolerance for other animals and dogs. The dogs
were used historically to hunt and kill vermin. Many terriers have wirey coats
and require special grooming that will come under the scrutiny of the judges.
The group includes, among others, the Border Terrier, the Bull Terrier, the
newly-recognized Cesky Terrier, the Manchester Terrier, the Skye Terrier and the
Wire Fox Terrier.

The Hound, Toy, Non-Sporting and Herding groups competed Monday in a fierce show
of temperament, gait, coat and presence. Judges determined the winners of the
groups late Monday.

Known for their keen sense of smell and stamina in chasing prey, the Hound dogs
were a large and competitive group. A three-year-old Wire-Haired Dachshund named
Raydachs Playing With Fire V Gleishorbach won the Best of Hounds group.

Unlike Hounds, Toy dogs are tiny and popular for city dwellers. Despite their
small stature, they are "tough as nails." A four-year-old Pekingese named
Palacegarden Malachy won the prize for Best of Toys.

The Non-Sporting group offers a variety of breeds. Historically, the AKC
organized breeds by sporting and non-sporting. While there are seven groups
today, the Non-Sporting group is a remnant of the older division and offers an
eclectic mix of canines. An almost five-year-old Dalmatian named Spotlights
Ruffian won the award for Best of Non-Sportings.

The last group, the Herding dogs, was composed of intelligent breeds known best
for herding or controlling animals. While many Herding dogs today do not live on
farms, the dogs will often gently nudge their owners or herd small children. The
nearly 5-year-old German Shepherd named Babheim's Captain Crunch won the award
of Best of Herdings.

The seven winners of Best in Group will compete in the Best in Show competition
late Tuesday. The Best in Show competition will be judged by Cindy Vogels of
Greenwood Village, Colo. Vogels will preside over a panel of 38 judges from 19
states.

Overall, the Wesminster Dog Show features 2,077 dogs and 105 Junior Showmanship
entries. Dogs in 185 breeds come from 47 states across the United States, with
the most entries coming from New York, California and Pennsylvania.

At the prestigious show, Rhodesian Ridgebacks had the greatest number of entries
with 40 dogs and French Bulldogs were in a close second at 39 entries. There
were 38 Labrador Retrievers competing, 32 Golden Retrievers and 29 Vizslas. The
smallest entry was two and occured in five breeds, including American Water
Spaniels, Harriers, Kuvaszok, Sealyham Terriers and Canaan Dogs.

Six of the breeds featured in the Westminster Dog Show are newly recognized and
were competing for the first time in the show. The new breeds include: American
English Coonhounds (three entries in Hound Group), Cesky Terries (three entries
in Terrier Group), Norwegian Lundehunds (five entries in the non-sporting
group), Xoloitzcunitlis (ten entries in the non-sporting group), Entlebucher
Mountain dogs (four entries in the herding group) and Finnish Lapphunds (eight
entries in the herding group).

None of the newly recognized breeds have won a Best of Group award thus far in
the competition.

Related Article: Westminster Dog Show 2012: Winners of Hound, Toy, Non-Sporting,
Herding Groups from Day 1

Related Article: Westminster Dog Show 2012: Armani Wins, New Breed
Xoloitzcuintli Wows Audience [PHOTOS]


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Nation Now (Los Angeles Times)

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 8:43 PM EST

BLOG: Nation Now: Westminster dog show 2012: Six surefire -- but cool -- losers

BYLINE: Amy Hubbard

LENGTH: 753 words


Feb. 14--The Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show features six new breeds this year,
among them a hair-free pooch, a puffin hunter and a reindeer herder. What these
very different breeds share is their underdog status. Each has about as much
chance of winning best in show as the proverbial snowball does of not melting.

Sorry, Xoloitzcuintli fans.

"The fastest a new breed has gone from first appearance to best in show is 27
years," said longtime Westminster dog show spokesman David Frei in an interview
Tuesday with the Los Angeles Times.

PHOTOS: Westminster dog show contestants
[http://framework.latimes.com/2012/02/13/westminster-dog-show/#/0]

The results of the competition so far bear him out.

Familiar breeds were winning the day, as Bloomberg reported
[http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-14/martha-stewart-s-chow-chow-out-at-west
minster.html]Tuesday morning. The four winning the group competitions so far: a
German shepherd, a Dalmatian, a wirehaired dachshund and a Pekingese. Three more
groups will be judged Tuesday night, Frei told The Times.

Frei said part of the fun of debuting new breeds is that dog show fans get to
learn the looks and history of the breeds.

"We would love for them ... to come here and be successful," he noted. But "in
the early years, they find themselves the object almost of entertainment."

There was no small amount of finger pointing, for instance, at the
Xoloitzcuintli (pronounced "show-low"), the national dog of Mexico. The breed is
descended from hairless dogs prized by the Aztecs and revered as guardians of
the dead, according to the kennel club
[http://www.westminsterkennelclub.org/2012/show/info.html]. They were shaped by
living wild in the Mexican jungles -- "by environment rather than by man."

The Norwegian lundehund -- or puffin dog -- has at least six toes on each foot,
which in the old days gave it gripping ability for scaling rocky cliffs in
Norway to ferret out puffins for the local farmers, the club says. That activity
is against the law these days, with the puffin's status as protected.

Both the lundehund and the Xoloitzcuintli were whupped in the non-sporting
category by a Dalmatian known as Ian.

The American English coonhound is the third new breed, a speedy hunter that the
club describes as a "strong and graceful athlete." Another loser. Winning in the
hound group was wirehaired dachshund "Cinders
[http://blog.chron.com/newswatch/2012/02/texas-dogs
-win-top-honors-at-westminster-dog-show/]."

Debuting in the herding group were the Entlebucher mountain dog, a
sturdy-looking fellow in handsome black, tan and white, and the Finnish
lapphund, a reindeer herding dog from northern Scandinavia that is a devoted and
friendly breed. Loser and loser. "Capi" the German shepherd won in the herding
category.

In the terrier category, the Cesky debuts this year. Longer than it is tall, the
club says, the Cesky has an enviable coat, long and silky "in shades of gray
from charcoal to platinum."

On Tuesday night, the terriers -- as well as the sporting and working and
terrier groups -- will be judged, followed by best in show. And the recipient of
the big prize will assuredly be a familiar -- not an exotic -- face.

Last year, the Scottish deerhound won best in show for the first time in the
history of the show. It took that breed 80 years to reach the top spot.

Behind the hoopla of this 136th annual show was a mini-controversy over the WKC
dropping longtime show sponsor Pedigree dog food. Pedigree's ads feature forlorn
shelter dogs waiting to be adopted.

Frei was quoted by the Associated Press as saying the dog show is a celebration
of "all dogs," but sad-eyed dogs -- "puppies behind bars" -- "it's not our
message."

Frei told The Times that he had no comment about the matter, dismissing it "old
news. ... We made the change last spring."

ALSO:

PHOTOS: At the dog show [http://framework.latimes.com/2012/02/13/westminster-dog
-show/#/0]

Scottish deerhound wins it all in 2011
[http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/unleashed/2011/02/scottish-deerhound-wins-westm
inster-dog-show-2011.html]

TV coverage of the dog show: Time and channel
[http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/showtracker/2012/02/westminster-kennel-club-dog
-show-coverage-begins-tonight-on-two-channels.html]

-- Amy Hubbard

Photo: Alma Dulce, a 2-year-old female hairless Xoloitzcuintli, one of the six
new breeds featured in this year's Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, arrives in
New York in January for a news conference about the show. Credit: Timothy A.
Clary / AFP/Getty Images


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: LA-111742

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Nation Now


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (The Caucus)

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

Story From Romney's Past Prompts Protest at Dog Show

BYLINE: EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 442 words



HIGHLIGHT: A 25-year-old tale about Mitt Romney's treatment of Seamus the dog
still reverberates.


Mitt Romney may have a new constituency to worry about: dogs and dog lovers.

The group "Dogs Against Romney" held a protest outside the Westminster Kennel
Club Dog Show in New York on Tuesday afternoon to bring attention to the story
of how 25 years ago, Mr. Romney drove from Boston to Canada on vacation with his
dog, Seamus, in a carrier strapped to the roof of the family station wagon -- a
tale that political commentators and opponents have seized on it as a window
into Mr. Romney's character. About a dozen people stood outside Madison Square
Garden with signs reading "Mitt is Mean."

Tate Hausman attended the protest with his dog, Sake, an 8-year-old pug.

"Certainly, this is a tongue-in-cheek event, but I'm definitely serious that I
wouldn't want someone who has that kind of judgment running my country," he
said.

As for his dog? "She's not usually an activist, but this really hits her where
she lives," he said.

As for the dog tale, Mr. Romney said Seamus liked to ride that way, but others
have said the tale exposed Mr. Romney's callousness. Either way, the episode
continues to spurrevisions of the original narrative.

And it has also drawn people who won't let go. With almost 2,500 followers on
Twitter and 25,000 likes on Facebook, "Dogs Against Romney" mostly has fun with
the issue, posting cute pictures online of dogs wearing bandanas that say "I
Ride Inside." Members call themselves a "super pack," sign messages with "woof,"
and sell T-shirts with the slogans "Never forget Crate-Gate" and "Dogs aren't
luggage."

And as for political motivations behind the protest, many in the group Tuesday
were unabashed Obama supporters, but the participants still said the dog-owner
vote was up for grabs.

"I mean, dog people are across the political spectrum," said Alan Charney, an
event organizer. "They're on the left, they're on the right, they're on the
center - everyone loves dogs, and politics has nothing to do with it. But I
think that a lot of people who are vulnerable to Mitt Romney may give second
thought to this if they're dog lovers and know what happened."

The Web site for "Dogs Against Romney" was created in 2007 by Scott Crider, a
social media strategist in Alabama, after reports of the story surfaced during
the 2008 presidential campaign. But the group has grown "dramatically" in the
last few weeks, Mr. Crider said.

Despite some media reports about the road trip, many people still don't know all
the details of the story, Mr. Crider said.

"We use humor because it works, but it's a serious message," Mr. Crider said in
a phone interview. "I think this speaks to a character issue that people need to
be aware of."


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2012 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Wrap

                     February 14, 2012 Tuesday 6:34 PM EST

Uggie Is Top Dog at the Golden Collar Awards, Of Course (Updated)

LENGTH: 1251 words


A number of the world's most accomplished dogs went head-to-head on Monday,
competing in the most prestigious and acclaimed competition that the canine
world has to offer.

That was the 136th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in New York City.

Across the country, meanwhile, another group of dogs competed in the first
Golden Collar Awards, a newer and sillier event with, shall we say, a less
illustrious pedigree. The showbiz version of a dog show may have lacked the
prestige and history, but it had a lot more real housewives, of both Beverly
Hills and New York.

And while we won't know Westminster's Best in Show until Tuesday night, the
Golden Collar Awards announced its top dogs on Monday - and the big prize, the
one for which the event seems to have been created, went to Uggie from "The
Artist," to the surprise of nobody who'd been paying any kind of attention.

The Golden Collar Awards were launched, after all, by the Dog News Daily digital
media and marketing company only a couple of months ago, after the canine star
of "The Artist" started getting lots of attention on the awards circuit.

Also read: Awards Season Is Going to the Dogs, Thanks to Uggie from 'The Artist'

When the nominations were announced on Jan. 18, Uggie himself was present, along
with his human costar Penelope Ann Miller.

And in those noms, the 10-year-old Jack Russell terrier nabbed two of the five
nominations for Best Dog in a Theatrical Film, both for his performance as the
Dog in "The Artist" and for his less-heralded role as Queenie in "Water for
Elephants."

Take that, Glenn Close and Janet McTeer: Uggie can do the cross-gender thing,
too!

(Full disclosure: I was one of the 14 voters for the awards, along with editors,
producers and journalists from "Entertainment Tonight," Variety, USA Today and a
number of other outlets.)

At any rate, Uggie was named Best Dog in a Theatrical Film, and it should go
without saying that he didn't win for "Water for Elephants."

Best Dog in a Foreign Film went to Koko from the Australian film "Red Dog,"
which may have added injury to insult for fellow nominee Laika from "Le Havre,"
which many Golden Collar materials insisted on calling "Le Harve."

The Best Dog in a Television Series category was won by Brigitte (right) from
the television series that always wins awards, "Modern Family."

Best Dog in a Reality Television Series was a tie, with Hercules from "Pit Boss"
and Giggy from "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" sharing the award.

(Given that the other nominees included two other "Real Housewives" dogs, one
from Beverly Hills and one from New York, there may be another kind of dogfight
going on in those environs before long.)

In the Best Dog in a Direct-to-DVD Film category, the two nominees from "Beverly
Hills Chihuahua 2" must have split their vote, allowing Rody from "Marley & Me:
The Puppy Years" to walk away with the prize.

One imagines that Blackie, Cosmo, Denver, Hummer, Ichico, Chunk, Lambchop,
Millou, Jackpot, Gaston, Jason Gann and all the other losers will find a way to
drown their sorrows.

The Golden Collar Awards took place at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza Hotel in
Los Angeles, which used to host a lot of awards shows before its union troubles
sent a few Hollywood guilds fleeing elsewhere.

Participants in the ramshackle show included Pauley Perrette from "NCIS," James
Cromwell from "The Artist" and Wendy Malick from "Hot in Cleveland," who
insisted upon mispronouncing Uggie's name "You-gie."

And although it raised money for rescue shelters and gave out serious awards to
the absent Charlize Theron (the Golden Collar Humanitarian Award) and
producer/director Michael Vance (the Golden Collar Legends Award), it mostly
gave rise to a lot of tongue-in-cheek coverage that demonstrated just how silly
awards season can be.

For instance, this Hollywood Reporter description of the Golden Collar trophy -
"a spectacular gold and Swarovski crystal collar on a stunning paw-shaped
Plexiglass [sic] holder" - is certainly the only time stunning and Plexiglas
have been used in this kind of adjacency.

And the fact that protests were lodged by both Triumph the Insult Comic Dog, a
hand puppet, and Antonio Banderas on behalf Puss in Boots, an animated cat,
means that everybody is treating the show as somewhere between a joke and a
publicity stunt.

The most amusing part of the whole Golden Collar experience was when Martin
Scorsese waded into the fray with a thoroughly facetious Los Angeles Times op-ed
piece lobbying for a nomination for Blackie, the dog from "Hugo."

"I have been cautioned against speaking out on this issue lest I create the
appearance of churlishness," wrote Scorsese, who also sent a video that was
played at the Golden Collar ceremony. "Well, I'm going to have to risk it ...
Uggie plays a nice little mascot who does tricks and saves his master's life in
one of the films, while Blackie gives an uncompromising performance as a
ferocious guard dog who terrorizes children ...

"We have learned to accept the human antihero, but when it comes to dogs, I
guess we still have a long way to go,"

The appeal worked - at least according to the Times, who reported (exclusively!)
that after Scorsese's appeal and a Facebook-based petition, the Golden Collar
Awards granted Blackie "a late-breaking nomination."

Well, maybe. But as a judge, I can report (exclusively!) that I never got a new
ballot with Blackie's name on it, or indeed any communication from the Golden
Collar people telling me that I could vote for Scorsese's Doberman antihero.

UPDATE: Alan Siskind, the CEO of Dog News Daily, says that I was sent a new
ballot on the evening of January 31, and that the ballot went to both my
personal and Wrap email addresses. According to his records, I did not open that
email. I have searched my emails on both my computer and my BlackBerry for that
day, and run numerous searches for any emails coming from Siskind or mentioning
the Golden Collar Awards. I can find no record of the new ballot.

But for the record, and because I figure my vow of secrecy has lifted now that
the awards have been announced: I voted for Cosmo from "Beginners," and would
have done the same if Blackie had been on my ballot. And because I follow all
vital awards-season news, I was aware that Blackie was eligible.

The Golden Collar folks, by the way, made kind of a big deal out of the tie
between Hercules and Giggy, with a banner headline on the Dog News Daily website
and an all-caps elaboration: "FIRST TIME IN GOLDEN COLLAR HISTORY THAT THERE HAS
BEEN A TIE."

The fact that this is also the first time in Golden Collar history that there
has been a Golden Collar might diminish the historic nature of that tie
somewhat.

But who cares about history, or churlish hair-splitting, or even that other dog
show on the other side of the country?

The Westminster Kennel Club might have Martha Stewart's chow chow Ghenghis Khan,
but the Golden Collar Awards had Uggie.

The top dogs:

Best Dog in a Theatrical Film: Uggie as the Dog in "The Artist"

Best Dog in a Foreign Film: Koko as Red Dog in "Red Dog"

Best Dog in a Television Series: Brigitte as Stella in "Modern Family"

Best Dog in a Reality Television Series: (tie) Hercules in "Pit Boss" and Giggy
in "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills"

Best Dog in a Direct-to-DVD Film: Rody as Marley in "Marley & Me: The Puppy
Years"

Related Articles:

Awards Season Is Going to the Dogs, Thanks to Uggie from 'The Artist'

Uggie, Dog From 'The Artist,' Headed for Doggie Retirement


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: WRAP-5357

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 The Wrap


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                     February 13, 2012 Monday 10:04 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: What Time and Channel Is 'World's Most Famous Dog
Show' On?

LENGTH: 462 words


Purebred show dogs from around the country are gathered in New York for the
136th annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Monday and Tuesday. The dogs
come from across the country to compete for two days in the world's most famous
dog show against top entries in their breed, in their group and in the show.

The 2012 Westmister Kennel Club Dog Show will be televised live each night
starting from 8 p.m. EST. The first hour of Monday's show will air on USA
Network from 8 to 9 p.m. and then from 9 to 11 p.m. EST on CNBC. Tuesday's show
will air on the USA Network from 8 to 11 p.m. EST.

A live stream of the Westminster Kennel Club All Breed Dog Show can also be
found here. While some breeds will not be streamed live, clips of their
performance will be available within two hours of completion of judging.

The prestigious dog show will feature 2,077 dogs and 105 Junior Showmanship
entries. Dogs come from 47 states across the United States, with the most
entries coming from New York, California and Pennsylvania. From the 2,000-plus
competitors, 185 will win Best of Breed awards and seven will be Group winners
late Tuesday.

The Best in Show, featuring all seven of the Group winners, will occur Tuesday
night and will be judged by Cindy Vogels of Greenwood Village, Colo. Vogels will
preside over a panel of 38 judges from 19 states.

Six of the breeds featured in the Westminster Dog Show are newly recognized and
will be competing for the first time in the show. The new breeds include:
American English Coonhounds (three entries in Hound Group), Cesky Terries (three
entries in Terrier Group), Norwegian Lundehunds (five entries in the
non-sporting group), Xoloitzcunitlis (ten entries in the non-sporting group),
Entlebucher Mountain dogs (four entries in the herding group) and Finnish
Lapphunds (eight entries in the herding group).

Dogs will compete against each other in breeds and varieties in the Hound, Toy,
Non-Sporting and Herding groups on Monday. The Group competition will be in the
evening. Tuesday will feature the Sporting, Working and Terrier Groups.

At the Westminster Dog Show, Rhodesian Ridgebacks will have the greatest number
of competitors with 40 dogs and French Bulldogs will come in a close second at
39 entries. There will be 38 Labrador Retrievers competing, 32 Golden Retrievers
and 29 Vizslas. The smallest entry is two and occurs in five breeds, including
American Water Spaniels, Harriers, Kuvaszok, Sealyham Terriers and Canaan Dogs.

For live coverage of the event, follow International Business Times reporter
Julia Greenberg on Twitter. For a full schedule of events, see the Westminster
Kennel Club's judging schedule.

Related Article: Westminster Dog Show 2012: Behind-the-Scenes as Dogs Arrive and
Prepare for Big Day [PHOTOS]


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                      February 13, 2012 Monday 7:50 PM EST

Westminster Dog Show 2012: Behind-the-Scenes Grooming of Competitors [PHOTOS]

LENGTH: 230 words


As the 136th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show kicks off in New York,
hundreds of dogs gather in Madison Square Garden to show off their coats, gait
and personality. However, before the dogs even step into the ring, there is an
extensive pre-show grooming process that needs to take place.

While smooth-coated dogs from Rottweilers to Labradors may require less
preparation, poodles, shih-tzus, and other long-haired dogs have an extensive
pre-show routine. From coiffed fur to bedazzled neckwear, a dog's grooming
routine for the Westminster Dog Show can be quite the production.

Much like New York Fashion week, the behind-the-scenes area can be more
fascinating than the show itself. Take a look at these dogs as they prepare for
the prestigious Westminster Dog Show competition.

The prestigious Westminster Dog show will feature 2,077 dogs and 105 Junior
Showmanship entries. Dogs come from 47 states across the United States, with the
most entries coming from New York, California and Pennsylvania.

Dogs will compete against each other in breeds and varieties in the Hound, Toy,
Non-Sporting and Herding groups on Monday. The Group competition will be in the
evening. Tuesday will feature the Sporting, Working and Terrier Groups. From the
over 2,000 competitors, 185 will win Best of Breed awards and seven will be
Group winners of the Best in Show competition late Tuesday.


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Mickie's Zoo

                      February 13, 2012 Monday 7:01 PM EST

Dog Haus Pasadena to celebrate National Chili Day Feb. 23

BYLINE: Mickie

LENGTH: 281 words


In honor of National Chili Day, on Thursday February 23, 2012, Dog Haus and Dog
Haus Biergarten customers are able to spice up their orders by adding a bowl of
chili for $1.00. Made in Haus with 100% Angus Beef and its own spice blend, the
hearty portion of chili comes topped with cheddar cheese and onions.

"There are always reasons to celebrate when you are in the Dog Haus," said Dog
Haus partner Quasim Riaz of the Los Angeles Times hailed eatery specializing in
gourmet hot dogs, burgers and sausages. "We have some of the best chili around
so it is with great pride that we raise our bowls and lower our price on
National Chili Day."

While chili can always be added to any of the Dog Haus culinary creations, some
signature specialties include the Little Leaguer, a ¼ pound all beef hot dog
smothered in Haus Chili, Fritos, Diced Onions and shredded cheese and The
Hangover, a 1/3 pound Angus Beef Burger topped with Haus Chili, White American
Cheese, Smoked Bacon, Fried Egg and Mayonnaise. Both are served on King's
Hawaiian Bread.

Spicy side options include Chili Frito Pie and The Love Boat, a heaping bowl of
Chili Con Carne topped with French Fries and Haus Coleslaw.

Dog Haus and Dog Haus Biergarten customers are always able to add chili or any
of its more than 40 toppings to signature Haus Dogs such as the Sooo Cali,
Downtown Dog, and Grand Slam among others as well as on burgers including the
ever-popular Holy Aioli and The Freiburger.

For more information about Dog Haus or Dog Haus Biergarten, visit
doghausdogs.com or call 626.577.4287. Dog Haus can also be found on social
networking sites including facebook (Dog Haus), Foursquare (Dog Haus) and
twitter (dog_haus).


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GB-3628

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 Mickie's Zoo


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                     February 9, 2012 Thursday 9:06 PM EST

Rescued dog bites anchor Kyle Dyer in the face on live TV

LENGTH: 564 words


A veteran TV anchor in Denver, Colorado, Kyle Dyer, was rushed to hospital on
Wednesday after Max, an 85-pound Argentine mastiff dog appearing on her show bit
into her face as she bent down, apparently, to kiss the dog on the nose during a
live segment.

Dyer had a reconstructive surgery and KUSA-TV has confirmed she is recovering.
According to 9News vice president Patti Dennis: "She's doing well, and will make
a recovery, and we're all thinking about her and her family. Kyle...is the
biggest dog lover and even yesterday we were talking about how, as dog lovers,
we think every dog belongs to us. Kyle will be back in a period of weeks,
probably several but she will be back."

According to NY Daily News, the dog, whose full name is Gladiator Maximus,
appeared on Dyer's 7 a.m. morning show after it survived rescue from a freezing
pond. The dog's appearance on the show was intended as a reunion between the dog
and its rescuer Tyler Sugaski. ABC News reports a helicopter from the local ABC
affiliate KGMH, captured the firefighter Sugaski, wearing a cold-water rescue
suit, going into the water to rescue Max on Monday (see video above)

The owner of the dog Michael Robinson, said he was walking Max when he spotted a
coyote and took off after it and fell through thin ice on the Smith Reservoir in
Lakewood, Colo., just outside Denver. The dog spent 20 minutes in the freezing
water before firefighters arrived and pulled him to safety.

NY Daily News reports the attack was not broadcast, but a short clip was later
released. Daily Mail reports that Denver Animal Control Director Doug Kelley,
said the bite was a "pretty major bite."

According to co-anchor Gary Shapiro, in a note to fans: "Kyle was glad she got
assigned to it, because she loves animals...Max and his owner spent about 45
minutes in the newsroom before they went on the air, and many members of the
staff greeted them and petted Max. He seemed perfectly normal...During the
interview Kyle petted him, and talked to the two guest. At the very end of the
segment, Max snapped at Kyle for whatever reason and got some of her lip."

NY Daily News reports that Max has been impounded by animal control officers.
Michael Hughes of the Denver Environmental Health Department said the dog owner
Robinson, 39, has been cited for failure to have his dog on a leash. The dog's
rabies vaccination had not been updated and Robinson has been fined for dog bite
violation and not having proper vaccination for his dog. The dog, Daily What
reports, will be quarantined for 10 days.

Daily Mail reports there were 451 comments to Shapiro's post on the station's
Facebook page, and 928 likes to the news she was recovering. Some fans, however,
blamed the owner and Dyer for the incident. A comment from Cassandrea Hughes
Kramer, said: "I totally agree with all those saying it was her own fault and
she should have known better. The dog was being a dog, defending itself in a
stressful situation. He didn't jump on her and maul her, he nipped her
lip....and she shouldn't have been trying to kiss him. Maybe it's a hard lesson
to learn, but hopefully she learned it."

A comment from Bruno Naletto, said: "It was clearly human fault. Why should the
animal be blamed for both the owner and kyle's mistake? Hope he isn't put down,
it would be a crime."

According to Daily Mail, Argentine mastiffs are banned in New York City public
housing.


LOAD-DATE: February 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 Digital Journal


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                     February 9, 2012 Thursday 6:50 PM EST

Dog Bites Newscaster: Tips to Prevent it from Happening to You

LENGTH: 510 words


What was supposed to be a feel-good story landed one broadcaster in the hospital
after a rescued dog bit her in the face.

Kyle Dyer, anchorwoman for NBC's KUSA in Denver, was bitten in the face
Wednesday to celebrate the rescue of the 85-pound dog named Max that bite her
face.

Dyer underwent reconstructive surgery in a Denver hospital. The video of the
attack went viral Thursday, even though NBC refused to air the clip.

The dog is currently in quarantine in a Denver animal shelter, according to
reports.

"The dog bite accident that happened today was unfortunate and certainly not
expected based on what we knew about the dog and his owner," Patti Dennis, KUSA
vice president of news said in a statement. "Our goal was to unite the owner
with the rescuer for a nice segment. We are all thinking of Kyle and her
recovery. We love Kyle and what she and her family do for this community. We
also love animals and will continue to do all we can to use 9NEWS to improve
animal welfare in Colorado."

At least one expert called out Dyer on her actions, saying that Dyer's
end-of-segment kiss was destined for trouble.

"Basically, she did everything wrong," Ron Berman, a canine behavior specialist,
told The Cutline, a Yahoo blog. "She went up to a dog she didn't know--who
didn't know her--and she either tried to kiss him or hug him or put her face too
close to his face. He felt threatened and bit her."

Each year, 4.5 million Americans are bitten by dogs, according to the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention. In 2006, 31,000 people underwent
reconstructive surgery like Dyer from dog bites, the latest year the CDC has
data.

To prevent dog bites, the CDC gives the following guidelines:

Consult with a professional (e.g., veterinarian, animal behaviorist, or
responsible breeder) to learn what breeds of dogs are the best fit for your
household.

Dogs with histories of aggression are not suitable for households with children.

Be sensitive to cues that a child is fearful or apprehensive about a dog. If a
child seems frightened by dogs, wait before bringing a dog into your household.

Spend time with a dog before buying or adopting it. Use caution when bringing a
dog into a household with an infant or toddler.

For children, the CDC recommends the following:

Do not approach an unfamiliar dog.

Do not run from a dog or scream.

Remain motionless (e.g., "be still like a tree") when approached by an
unfamiliar dog.

If knocked over by a dog, roll into a ball and lie still (e.g., "be still like a
log").

Do not play with a dog unless supervised by an adult.

Immediately report stray dogs or dogs displaying unusual behavior to an adult.

Avoid direct eye contact with a dog.

Do not disturb a dog that is sleeping, eating, or caring for puppies.

Do not pet a dog without allowing it to see and sniff you first.

If bitten, immediately report the bite to an adult.

In Wednesday's incident, Denver Animal Control gave Max's owner Michael Robinson
a citation for violating the state's "leash-law", for allowing the dog to bite
and for not having the dog properly vaccinated.


LOAD-DATE: February 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2012 International Business Times News


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Philly Dawg

                     February 9, 2012 Thursday 3:13 AM EST

BLOG: Philly Dawg: No state action? PA county SPCA takes up anti-chaining
crusade

BYLINE: Amy Worden

LENGTH: 316 words


Feb. 08--[http://www.dogsdeservebetter.org/PADogs/Adams/100--3637.jpg]

Legislation to ban dog chaining in Pennsylvania has languished in the General
Assembly for years.

Breeders have opposed the, fearing it might end the right of a person to take
their dog to an outdoor coffee shop and tie them up while they enjoyed a latte
or to tether a dog during a show. (It would not.)

Sportsmen raised the alarm, saying they could be cited for having a dog on a
leash at a field trial. (Not true.)

Or letting your dog out for a midnight potty break. (The idea of a humane agent
hovering around the homes of dog owners who let their pets out for a little
relief is laughable.)

Anti-tethering bills are aimed at people who leave their dogs out 24/7, in
extreme cold and heat. Forgotten animals languish at the end of metal chains.
Their water and food bowls freeze. By law they have to have a dog house -- crude
boxes or Vari-kennels with three sides count -- but often they don't have
adequate bedding or protection from the wind. Tethered dogs develop caged-dog
habits. I've watched frantic dogs on chains run dirt circle paths around their
boxes.

Worst of all, tethered dogs get little to no human interaction. This is bad for
the dogs and bad for anyone who comes in contact with them. As the national
group, Dogs Deserve Better [http://www.dogsdeservebetter.org/],has documented,
dogs on chains can be a menace to children -- and adults -- injuring, and even
killing those who come in contact with them.

With no state law on the horizon, one Pennsylvania county humane organization
has taken it upon itself to act to protect dogs.

The York County SPCA -- using the proposed state bill as a model -- is reaching
out to municipalities to ban dog chaining on their own, according to a story in
today's edition of the York Dispatch.

Read the full story here. [http://www.yorkdispatch.com/news/ci--19918766]


LOAD-DATE: February 08, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PH-4211

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Philly Dawg


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PR.com (Content Enterprises)

                     February 9, 2012 Thursday 8:18 PM EST

E-Training for Dogs Announces Availability of Two New Online Dog Training
Classes for First Quarter of 2012

LENGTH: 1060 words


Windsor, CO, February 09, 2012 --(PR.com)-- Praised by dog professionals, owners
and enthusiasts all over the world, E-Training For Dogs new online courses
include the Associate Dog Trainer (ADT) Diploma and the Dog Behaviorist Diploma.

E-Training for Dogs, the most extensive online dog training educational site on
the Internet and provider of a wide selection of webinars for the dog owner, dog
trainer, breeder and canine enthusiast, announces two new online dog training
classes available for the first quarter of 2012. Both diplomas are awarded
through the International College of Canine Studies.

The new courses include:

Associate Dog Trainer (ADT) Diploma - The Associate Dog Trainer (ADT) Diploma
course is a comprehensive educational program to assist dog enthusiasts to enter
the exciting and rewarding career of dog trainer. Geared toward individuals who
are passionate about improving their bonds with their own dogs or desire to
become a dog trainer, the course will assist them in developing the necessary
skills to become an effective dog trainer in the canine industry. The course
focuses on helping the student learn how dogs developed to be our companions,
how they learn, canine body language and how they interpret our body language,
basic dog care, basic dog training using positive reinforcement techniques, how
to end many common canine problem behaviors, and an advanced first aid course.

Dog Behaviorist Diploma - the Dog Behaviorist Diploma course assists dog
enthusiasts in entering the exciting and rewarding career of a dog behaviorist.
Through the course students will learn dog behavior from theory to application,
from puppy training to advanced dog training, and learn the way dogs learn. This
course is essential for anyone interested in the study of dogs, dog behavior and
for those working with dogs in any capacity.

E-Training For Dogs offers two tracks of courses geared toward the Canine
Professional and the Canine Enthusiast. The company was established in 2005 by
Dr. Cheryl Aguiar to provide comprehensive educational programs to canine
professionals as well as a vast array of Online Dog Training courses for dog
owners.

The Canine Professional Programs are designed to develop canine enthusiasts into
skilled professionals equipped to better serve their canine clients, and include
courses in Professional Development Programs, Canine Certification Programs,
Continuing Education Programs, and individual courses focusing on dog training,
health care, dog behavior, breeding, genetics and more. Many of the academic
offerings are eligible for CEUs with major organizations such as CCPDT and the
IAABC. Diplomas and Certificates are issued through the International College of
Canine Studies (ICCS).

The Canine Enthusiast Programs focus on helping dog owners who wish to obtain
outstanding instruction in dog training from puppyhood through to top level
competition. They will find a broad selection of courses to choose from that
cover the most effective training techniques and approaches in use today that
will greatly assist them in providing the best possible care for their canine
companions. The courses focus on first aid, grooming, health care, nutrition,
fitness, behavior and more.

The E-Training for Dogs courses are led by a variety of world-renowned trainers
and dog related professionals including Monique Udell, PhD, who helped develop
the Canine Cognition and Behavior Lab at the University of Florida; Barbara
Handelman,M.Ed., author of the critically acclaimed book "Canine Behavior: A
Photo-Illustrated Handbook; Ava Frick, DVM, owner of Animal Fitness Center,
published author, and honored runner-up of the Hartz 2006 Veterinarian of the
Year award; Rachel Friedman, a pet trainer/behaviorist, licensed independent
social worker and owner/president of A Better Pet LLC; and Dee Ganley, a trainer
for over 30 years focusing on how to create positive partnership with their dogs
, and many more.

Heddie Leger, one of the first individuals to take the ADT course, shared her
experience in taking the course from E-Training For Dogs. "This is a great
program. I learned a lot and really enjoyed everything about the coursework,
especially the lecture series. I will also highly recommend e-training for dogs
to others, said (last name). "Thank you so much for your patience and for
working with me on a personal level to help me complete the coursework. Thank
you for all the wonderful support you have provided through this learning
experience. I guess this means I can put ADT after my name now. Yahoo !!!"

Enjoyed by hundreds of dog professionals and enthusiasts throughout the world,
E-Training For Dogs delivers a wide variety of educational courses and programs
provided by top quality educators in the field via the Internet, allowing them
to be accessible to everyone. The education programs are geared toward the
canine professional as well as the dog owner and enthusiast.

About E-Training For Dogs Dr. Cheryl Aguiar began E-Training For Dogs and the
International College of Canine Studies after teaching Social Psychology and
Directing the Family and Youth Institute at Colorado State University for over a
decade. In this role, she was a Principal Investigator on a grant she authored
with the US Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Children, Youth
and Families. This project created a program to allow individuals to achieve a
bachelor's degree in early childhood education online. As a result of this
experience, Dr.Aguiar has created E-Training For Dogs to provide hundreds of dog
professionals and enthusiasts throughout the world the ability to enjoy a wide
variety of educational courses and programs by top quality educators in the
field via the Internet. The education programs are geared toward the canine
professional as well as the dog owner and enthusiast.

All of the courses offered through E-Training For Dogs are available through the
E-Training For Dogs website. For more information visit at
http://e-trainingfordogs.com, call 970-231-9965, or Cheryl@e-trainingfordogs.com

###

Contact Information:

E-Training For Dogs, Inc.

Cheryl Aguiar

970-231-9965

Contact via Email

www.e-trainingfordogs.com

Click here to read the full story: E-Training for Dogs Announces Availability of
Two New Online Dog Training Classes for First Quarter of 2012

Press Release Distributed by PR.com


LOAD-DATE: February 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CTNT-111863

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2012 PR.com


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Twin Cities Daily Planet

                     February 8, 2012 Wednesday 2:27 AM EST

Super Bone Sunday brings rescued dogs to Twin Cities

LENGTH: 402 words


Last Sunday, twenty-four dogs rescued from large-scale breeding facilities all
over the Midwest, arrived at a cold and empty Edina parking lot as the sun was
beginning to set. They were met by volunteers from five area dog rescue
organizations, who will give them foster care and get them ready for adoption.

Last Sunday, twenty-four dogs rescued from large-scale breeding facilities all
over the Midwest, arrived at a cold and empty Edina parking lot as the sun was
beginning to set. They were met by volunteers from five area dog rescue
organizations, who will give them foster care and get them ready for adoption.
The deliveries happen twice a month, part of Best Friends Animal Society's
national puppy mill initiative.

Most of the dogs were used as breeding stock at legal large-scale puppy mills
and are no longer useful to the breeder. Puppy mills provide some of the
millions of dogs sold at pet stores and online every year. Most breeding dogs
spent their lives in wire cages with little human contact. Only a few have
names.

"People don't know how bad these puppy mills are," said Arianna Pittman, the
Society's Puppy Mill Initiatives Coordinator in the Twin Cities. Volunteers take
the dogs for what is usually their first veterinary check and then work with the
new arrivals to socialize them. The dogs tend to have dental problems and some
have bad knees or matted hair. "Some of these problems come from bad breeding.
Some come from being kept in wire cages," she said. "These breeders just don't
care."

Once the dogs are socialized and cleared medically, they are put up for
adoption. "I'm always surprised," Pittman said, "how even the shyest dog will
respond to a loving human touch."

Time until the dogs are ready for adoption varies from as little as two days to
several months. Information on adopting available dogs can be found at All Dog
Rescue, Twin Cities Pet Rescue, Underdog Rescue, Luv on a Leash and Secondhand
Hounds.

Puppy Mill Initiative Coordinator Arianna Pittman meets a van filled with dogs
needing new homes.

The first of the dogs is unloaded.

Two daschunds peer out of their crates.

Two dogs await their foster homes

A Jack Russell Terrier watches the activity

Volunteer Kate Benvenuti and a foster dog

Marilyn Loden's rescue is in need of grooming

Most of the dogs were either toy breeds or very small.

Susel Faunillan cuddles an arrival

Peace/Love/Rescue

Copyright:

© 2012 Stephanie Fox


LOAD-DATE: February 07, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: TCMA-112129

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                    Copyright 2012 Twin Cities Daily Planet


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Autoblog

                      February 3, 2012 Friday 6:04 PM EST

Subaru eschews Super Bowl for doggy ads

LENGTH: 990 words


[ Image removed: Subaru dog commercials ]

If we had to pick a Super Bowl advertising shtick that we're most susceptible
to, it might just be dogs. Especially if they are driving cars.

But this is one ad campaign you won't actually see during the Super Bowl. Subaru
will be holding its second annual Subaru Game Day Dog Walk instead, wherein
owners pledge on Facebook to, well, walk their dogs. While we don't really want
to think about what would happen if they didn't, Subaru sees value in appealing
to animal lovers. Some 70 percent of Subaru drivers are pet owners, according to
the company.

Subaru has also launched two social networking app as part of its marketing
effort: Dogbook for Facebook and MapMyDOGWALK.

Do we even need mention that this is a brand that shares a nickname with a TV
cartoon dog?

All four commercials and the press release are after the jump.

Show full PR text

Subaru "Dog Tested. Dog Approved.[TM]" Campaign Returns with a New Pack of Dogs
and New Canine Social Capabilities

- Active dog lifestyle is supported with new canine-specific social applications

- Cornerstone of campaign is Subaru Game Day Dog Walk event on Feb. 5

- Subaru partners with MapMyFITNESS[TM] to launch MapMyDOGWALK[TM] Mobile App
for iPhone(R)

- Social networking Dogbook App redesign rolls out with Subaru takeover

CHERRY HILL, N.J., Feb. 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Subaru of America, Inc. today
announced the return of its "Dog Tested. Dog Approved." campaign. The venerable
canine commercials return for a third year with a new pack of dogs and social
activities. When players take the field on Sunday, Feb. 5, Subaru owners and
their four legged friends will hit the streets for the second annual Subaru Game
Day Dog Walk event by taking the pledge at
http://www.facebook.com/subaruofamerica.

"Dogs have always been a large part of Subaru culture; we also know that dogs
play a significant role in the lives of our owners," said Alan Bethke, director,
marketing communications, Subaru of America. "The Subaru Game Day Dog Walk and
new social apps are a natural extension of our brand's active culture and
further allow dogs to be our owners' social lifestyle partners."

Subaru is taking an alternative, more social approach to the big game this
Sunday than other brands. For example, Subaru partnered with MapMyFITNESS to
launch the MapMyDOGWALK mobile application for iPhone. MapMyDOGWALK provides dog
owners with access to an innovative geo-mapping application that allows users to
track and store their daily walking routes in an online database. Users will
also have access to a searchable database of millions of routes across the
globe, fitness calculators, dog event listings, and a dynamic social network of
healthy and active individuals and their four-legged friends.

Canine social networking site Dogbook rolls out with an all-new design and
Subaru integration. The Dogbook Facebook application boasts all-new "Dogline"
features: larger profile pictures, bigger news feed photos, a new My Life Story
section, a Dog Years Calculator and customizable My Favorites Sections. Also
included in the update are a Happy Birthday Video feature and a faster high
definition photo uploader.

"Last year 88,000 dog owners took the Subaru Game Day Dog Walk pledge on
Facebook," said Bethke. "This year our owners have two new social tools and four
new Dog Tested videos to accompany their canine activities."

Dog Tested. Dog Approved.

The campaign is designed to resonate with Subaru owners and like-minded
consumers. Subaru drivers are two times more likely than the average car owner
to have a pet. In fact, seven out of ten Subaru drivers have a pet, and Subaru
owners are also more likely to engage in skiing, camping, boating and other
sporting activities. To reflect these passions, those activities are depicted in
the four new Dog Tested commercials.

"The Dog Tested spots have always been about highlighting funny and interesting
car situations by using dogs instead of people. This year we continue that theme
with a focus on the lifestyle of Subaru owners starring an amazing pack of dogs
."

See the 2012 Campaign Commercials:

"Camping" - The dog pack discovers that camping isn't all it's cracked up to be.

"The Beach" - A ragtag pack of dogs find out that sun, surf, and sand make for
an epic day.

"Jackknife" - Backing up a canoe trailer proves difficult for a dog and his
buddies.

"Ski Trip" - Furry friends spend a day on the slopes.

Take the Subaru Dog Walk Pledge

Download the MapMyDOGWALK App for iPhone

Join Dogbook on Facebook

About Subaru of America, Inc.

Subaru of America, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fuji Heavy Industries
Ltd. of Japan. Headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J., the company markets and
distributes Subaru Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive vehicles, parts and accessories
through a network of more than 600 dealers across the United States. All Subaru
products are manufactured in zero-landfill production plants and Subaru of
Indiana Automotive Inc. is the only U.S. automobile production plant to be
designated a backyard wildlife habitat by the National Wildlife Federation. For
additional information visit www.subaru.com.

Follow the Subaru of America Facebook page and subaru_usa on Twitter.

This press release is available at www.media.subaru.com.

"Subaru", all model names, and the Subaru logo are registered trademarks of the
Subaru division of Fuji Heavy Industries, Ltd, Japan.

"iPhone" is a trademark of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other
countries. "Facebook" is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc. "MapMyFITNESS"
and "Map MyDOGWALK" are registered trademarks of MapMyFITNESS, Inc. Other
trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.

Filed under: Marketing/Advertising, Videos, Subaru

Subaru eschews Super Bowl for doggy ads originally appeared on Autoblog on Fri,
03 Feb 2012 12:31:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds.

Permalink | Email this | Comments


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: AOLB-5146

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Autoblog


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Slashfood

                      February 3, 2012 Friday 1:58 PM EST

Liza de Guia: Bark Butter: Why Every Hot Dog Needs a Little More Pork Fat

BYLINE: Liza de Guia

LENGTH: 392 words


"We're in New York. We have dirty water dogs. But, I'll be honest, I don't love
a boiled hot dog. I'll probably never eat one again."

Meet Josh Sharkey, the co-founder/owner of Bark Hot Dogs, a sustainable fast
food restaurant in Park Slope, Brooklyn. Josh believes there are two main
aspects to a great hot dog: 1) It's got to have great snap - and great snap
comes from great casing. Bark Hot Dogs uses sheep casing. It's all natural and
develops that perfect hot dog snap when cooked. 2) You have to use good meat -
and good meat comes from good farms. Bark takes pride in sourcing high quality
pork products from Heritage Foods USA and all natural beef from Meyer Natural
Angus, a certified organic farm in Colorado. To ensure customers can really
taste and appreciate the meat that they're eating, they keep meat cuts down to a
minimum, using only pork shoulder, pork jowl and beef shoulder to craft their
artisan hot dogs. So, as long as you have those two elements, you're guaranteed
a great hot dog. Josh is sure of it. But, then again, Josh isn't interested in
just a great hot dog, he wants the BEST hot dog, and to get the best hot dog,
they use a special, homemade dressing they call: Bark Butter.

http://player.vimeo.com/video/35991681?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0

Bark Butter is a savory, super smoky, house made lard butter that just so
happens to contain lots and lots of smoked pork fat. They coat every hot dog
with it, just seconds before placing it into the bun. It's not listed on their
menu. They rarely even mention it at the restaurant. But, it's their little
trick that puts their hot dogs in another class - that last punch of rich pork
flavor that makes you wonder why these hot dogs taste so good.

So, go on then, watch my fun little video and see how the REAL secret to a great
hot dog gets crafted! It'll make you want to head to Brooklyn to taste the
difference yourself. I highly recommend trying the bacon cheddar dog, the kraut
dog, the briny, full of crunch, pickle dog, a side of gravy fries and a
chocolate salted caramel shake. Don't be shy with the housemade condiments. And,
if you have room, definitely get the pork burger - which, of course, has Bark
Butter in it too! Fast food the way fast food should be.

Bark Hot Dogs: 474 Bergen Street, Park Slope, Brooklyn

Thanks for watching food. curated.! Happy, snappy eating!


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: AOLB-5159

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Slashfood


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     SBWire

                     February 1, 2012 Wednesday 8:34 PM EST

Dog Guard Offers Dog Fence Solutions for Responsible Canine Owners

LENGTH: 536 words


Stressed about the dog's security? Find out how dog fencing can ease off the
trouble.

Troy, MI -- (SBWIRE) -- 02/01/2012 -- For a responsible dog owner, it becomes
very important to safely contain the dog within the confines of the house
boundary. Keeping a close watch on the dog is not possible all the time. This is
when a contemporary Dog Fence can be of great help. These days, Dog Fence
Wirelesssystems are also gaining huge popularity.

There are many kinds of underground dog fencing systems that come with wiring
that can be buried few inches under the ground around the territory assigned to
the pet. The transmitters are installed and dog wears a collar to receive the
signal. Whenever the pet tries to move outside the boundary, it gets a warning
signal (kind of a mild shock). When a Dog Fence is installed, it is very
important to familiarize the dog with boundary of the wire buried. It can
gradually be trained on not to pass this boundary.

The most advanced fencing systems come with wide range of stimulation levels.
These stimulation levels can be utilized keeping in mind the temperament of the
pet. These fencing systems are not only useful for dog lovers but those who love
to keep cats can also install a Cat Fencethat comes with similar features.
Majority of the pets get acquainted to these fencing systems in a short span of
time.

Most of the companies that provide door fences have professionals that can help
their clients with optimum installation of the fences. However, it is very
important to clearly have in mind the area to be demarcated. The professionals
will then put the measurable wire and bury the transmitters accordingly. After
the installation is complete, the pet cat or dog can be fitted with the
transmitter collar.

Many pet owners are worried about their pet wandering around and are stressed
with the fear of it being getting lost. The electric dog fences can bring peace
of mind to such pet owners. Besides the outdoor installation, there are a
variety of indoor dog fence as well. They can be chosen based on personal needs.

Browsing the Internet to look for these modern dog fences is a good option. One
can go over Electric Dog Fence Reviewsto gauge the efficacy of these fencing
systems. It is important to look at a couple of vendors in order to make the
best choice. An area specific search for the dealers can also be run in order to
save time. Look for the fence that has a veterinarian approval too.

A dog or Cat Fence can significantly ease any pet owner's stress about pet's
security. Look for the dealers that offer quality service and products. This
will ensure getting a product that can provide benefit for years to come. Look
for testimonials and recommendations before making a purchase.

About Dog Guard

Dog Guard offers a complete range of dog and cat fencing options. Their
veterinarian approved Out-Of-Sight fencing systems are apt to ensure the safety
of the pet and keeping the pet owners stress-free.

For more information on this press release visit:
http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/dog-guard-offers-dog
-fence-solutions-for-responsible-canine-owners-125130.htm

Media Relations Contact

Bill Drew

Email: Click to Email Bill Drew

Web: http://www.dogguard.com


LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SBWI-7162

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2012 SBWire


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      Slaw

                     January 26, 2012 Thursday 4:32 PM EST

Your Dog May Be Too Dangerous for Your Home Insurer

LENGTH: 509 words


In recent years, many Canadian home insurers have begun asking questions about
dog ownership and, depending on the breed, impose policy exclusions, charge
extra premiums, or decline home insurance applicants. These insurers maintain
lists of breeds they consider problematic. These are not dogs that have already
bitten someone (although that would be a problem) or lack training, they are
breeds that are believed to have an above-average probability of inflicting a
serious bite injury.

At the top of the list is the American Pit Bull Terrier and related breeds such
as the American Staffordshire. These dogs are banned in Ontario and several
municipalities across Canada. If your insurer underwrites dog ownership, it's
unlikely they will offer you insurance if you own this breed. Other high-risk
dog breeds include the Rottweiler, Doberman, German Sheppard, Samoyed, Husky,
Malamute, Chow, Akita, Wolfhound and several crossbreeds.

In the US, there are at least 75 breeds now appearing on various lists. These
include breeds that many people would not suspect are a problem:

AMERICAN BULLDOG

AUSTRALIAN SHEPHERD

BELGIAN SHEEPDOG

BOSTON TERRIER

BOXER

BULLDOG

FOX TERRIER

FRENCH BULLDOG

GOLDEN RETRIEVER

GREAT DANE

GREAT PYRANEES

LABRADOR RETRIEVER

LEONBERGER

MASTIFF

NEWFOUNDLAND

PUG

If you are a responsible owner of one of these dog breeds, you may think it's
unfair of anyone to suggest that your pet is more dangerous than any other dog.
The common argument is that there are "no bad dogs, just bad owners" and "all
dogs are capable of inflicting a serious bite". As a dog owner, I believe there
is truth to these arguments. However, insurers make underwriting decisions based
on their own claims experience, industry statistics, and actuarial assumptions.
It is estimated that 460,000 Canadians are bitten by dogs every year and
approximately 60 percent of victims are children. In the US, dog bite losses
exceed $1 billion per year. These injuries account for approximately 1/3 of all
homeowner's insurance liability claims. Insurers have good reason to be
cautious.

If you've been told by an insurer that your dog is considered too high a risk,
shop around. There are companies that don't have an issue with dog ownership or
offer some flexibility. For example, the underwriter may approve your
application if your dog has no history of aggression, is housed in a dog-run, or
you are willing to accept an additional premium or policy exclusion.

You are also advised to check the liability section of your home insurance
policy. Most cover liability for dog bites to specific maximums. However, if
your dog bites someone, your insurance company will probably increase your
premiums, exclude future dog-related claims from your coverage, or refuse to
renew the policy.

Please note that my advice is not intended to replace that of a qualified
insurance expert who has personally reviewed your specific benefits and
insurance needs. If you want to learn more, the CBIA offers excellent insurance
education articles and planning tools for lawyers at www.barinsurance.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SLAW-6416

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                              Copyright 2012 Slaw


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                     January 25, 2012 Wednesday 3:19 PM EST

Researchers uncover 33,000-year-old dog skull in Siberian cave

LENGTH: 636 words


Researchers have uncovered a 33,000-year-old dog skull in the Altai Mountain
region of Siberia in a cave called Razboinichya.

This find is noteworthy for its historic value, however scientists also say it
suggests modern dogs might be descended from multiple ancestors.

This prehistoric skull is the oldest known evidence of dog domestication.
According to a Jan. 23 press release issued from the University of Arizona, this
fossil, along with remains from an "equally ancient dog" found in a Belgian
cave, jointly suggest that multiple geographic regions were domesticating dogs
around the same time-frame.

"In other words, man's best friends may have originated from more than one
ancient ancestor, contrary to what some DNA evidence previously has indicated,"
the press release said.

"Both the Belgian find and the Siberian find are domesticated species based on
morphological characteristics," said Greg Hodgins, a co-author of the study.
"Essentially, wolves have long thin snouts and their teeth are not crowded, and
domestication results in this shortening of the snout and widening of the jaws
and crowding of the teeth."

The ancient dog skull is said to be well-preserved and researchers were able to
closely examine the skull, teeth and mandibles and take numerous measurements of
the remains.

"The argument that it is domesticated is pretty solid," said Hodgins, a
researcher at the University of Arizona's Accelerator Mass Spectrometry
Laboratory. "What's interesting is that it doesn't appear to be an ancestor of
modern dogs."

Using radiocarbon dating, or carbon-14, the laboratory at the University of
Arizona was able to determine the age of the skull found in the Siberian cave.

Scientists say the remains of the 33,000-year-old dog predate the Last Glacial
Maximum (LGM) which occurred somewhere between about 26,000 and 19,000 years
ago. After the disruption to life the ice sheets caused, both the Siberian and
Belgian dogs do not appear to have survived the LGM, researchers say.

However the dog remains left behind indicate throughout the history of humans
that domestication of dogs has occurred throughout time and in different
geographical spaces, meaning modern dogs may not have all descended from the
same place with a single common ancestor.

"In terms of human history, before the last glacial maximum people were living
with wolves or canid species in widely separated geographical areas of
Euro-Asia, and had been living with them long enough that they were actually
changing evolutionarily," said Hodgins. "And then climate change happened, human
habitation patterns changed and those relationships with those particular
lineages of animals apparently didn't survive."

The study pointed out the scarcity of pre-LGM dog-like animals and incomplete
remains has been an obstacle to understanding the "morphological features of
transitional forms between wild wolves and domesticated dogs in temporal
perspective." The recent fossil finding is described to be in "extraordinary"
condition and scientists believe it to be unlike ancient and modern wolves. All
of which has led researchers, upon examination, to believe dogs may not have a
single place of origin.

Essentially, researchers believe they may have evidence that dogs were man's
best friend far longer than previously thought. Dogs, even today, have different
relationships with humans than other animals bred for food and agriculture used
for human consumption, such as cows, chickens, goats and sheep.

Hodgins said "Those are different relationships than humans may have with dogs.
The dogs are not necessarily providing products or meat. They are probably
providing protection, companionship and perhaps helping on the hunt. And it's
really interesting that this appears to have happened first out of all human
relationships with animals."


LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2012 Digital Journal


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          BC Family Law Resource Blog

                      January 23, 2012 Monday 3:12 PM EST

Provincial Court Releases Decision on Pet Custody Battles

BYLINE: John-Paul Boyd

LENGTH: 973 words


The Family Relations Act lets the court make orders for custody and guardianship
of and access to children. Although the word "children" is unambiguously defined
at s. 1(1) as referring to "persons," separating couples have nevertheless, from
time to time, applied to court for orders about custody, decision-making
authority and access schedules in respect of their pets. Although I don't think
even Mitt Romney would say that pets are persons, I've even seen applications
for pet support and the sharing of a pet's expenses!

Although people often form close emotional bonds to their pets, pets are, in the
eyes of the law, property with exactly the same status as a coffee cup, a car or
a curio. The court can make order about who has the legal right to the ownership
of property, but its jurisdiction to make orders rotating a right of possession
is somewhat less certain.

This was the issue before the court in Kitchen v. MacDonald, a small claims case
involving a separated couple, when the claimant applied for:

"... what amounts to a declaration of ownership in a border collie dog named
Laddie currently in the possession of [the respondent], and further for an order
specifying possession time for each party of the dog."It is surely a measure of
the parties' affection for the dog that the application was brought to a trial,
for which each of them paid to be represented by skilled counsel. Here is the
court's account of some of the evidence led:

"[6] [The respondent and various other witnesses] all testified to varying
aspects of how [the respondent] acquired the dog. ... It was [the respondent]
who took the dog to all of its veterinary appointments, appears on the
veterinary records as owner, and paid for all of the veterinary bills as well as
all of their costs associated with the dog's needs. She licenced the dog with
the City of Kamloops and paid for those licences. She admits that the dog did
spend time with [the claimant]. In fact, she corrected him if he referred to the
dog as his, and stopped contact when he posted a photo of 'his' dog on the
internet. He worked nearby and was willing from time to time to come and take
the dog, some times for a few nights at a time. She does not deny that he
developed a fond attachment to her dog, but denies that she ever gifted an
interest in the dog to [the claimant]. At trial, [the claimant] acknowledged
that he did not play a role in the selection or purchase of the dog. He also
acknowledged, although he said that he purchased dog food and other items for
use at his home, he did not otherwise contribute to the upkeep of the dog. He
believed the dog was his because she called him Laddie's daddy, he took care of
it often, and they treated it as theirs when they were in a relationship.

"[7] There is uncontroverted evidence that [the respondent] referred to [the
claimant] as the dog's 'daddy'. There is an undated letter on file as well
reporting to be from Laddie to 'my daddy', apparently following a break-up where
[the respondent] writes on behalf of the dog that she is sorry she cannot make
them a family. It suggests ways that he can come and see the dog while she is
out of the house at work. It concludes by saying 'I know there is no way mommy
would ever keep you from seeing me - that's just not the kind of mommy she is.
She wants us to both be happy.' There were also gifts and cards over the years
addressed from the dog to his 'daddy'. [The respondent] also encouraged [the
claimant] continuing to look after the dog during the day. ..." Good grief.
However, as the court observed, its jurisdiction in such matters is limited:

"[2] This court does not have jurisdiction to make declarations of trust. I have
jurisdiction to make a finding of ownership with respect to the dog. If I find
that it is jointly owned, I have jurisdiction to order that the party who keeps
the dog pay the other party half the value of the dog. I cannot find that two
parties own a dog and then proceed to make orders for 'access' to the dog."The
court then quoted from an Ontario case, Warnica v. Gering, involving a dog named
Tuxedo:

"Of course, any pet is somewhat different, in that it does not readily lend
itself to physical division. A pet could be sold, with the proceeds to be
divided in accordance with any determination as to the parties' respective
interests therein; however, that is something that few would want. Certainly it
is something that no one wants here. A pet could be shared ... In my view that
would be akin to a custody access/order. Whether in the Family Court or
otherwise, I do not believe that any court should be in the business of making
custody orders for pets, disguised or otherwise. ... Obviously, I acknowledge
that pets are of great importance to human beings. Strong bonds develop between
them and the human beings that look after them. To some people, the relationship
with their pets takes on a significance exceeding that of any other. They go to
extraordinary lengths to preserve that relationship; even at a cost that some
would say is disproportionate. Some may consider them to be children; however,
they are not children."This brings us back to the basic legal issue involving
the pets of separated couples: determining the legal right of ownership. As the
judge eloquently put it:

"[7] ... By anthropomorphizing this dog, [the respondent] led [the claimant] to,
and [the claimant] allowed himself to be possessed of an expectation that, the
dog was 'the child' of both of them. This, however, despite the sentimental
aspects, does not create a beneficial or legal interest in a dog.

"[8] ... However, all of the factors in the mix conclusively determine that [the
respondent] is the sole owner of the border collie. [The claimant's] interest is
merely a sentimental one. That does not bestow any right of possession on him."


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: BCFL-111707

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                   Copyright 2012 BC Family Law Resource Blog


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Mutts

                      January 23, 2012 Monday 6:15 PM EST

BLOG: Unleashed: Post office releases working dog stamps

BYLINE: Jill Rosen

LENGTH: 234 words


Jan. 23--The U.S. Postal Servic ewill be making dog people very happy today with
the release of the new working dog stamps.

The set of four stamps, that celebrates the partnership of dogs and people,
depicts four typical jobs of working canines: guide dogs, therapy dogs, tracking
dogs and search dogs.

Most importantly, they're quite cute.

The guide dog is a black Labrador retriever, the sweet therapy dog -- pictured
being petted -- is a Welsh springer spaniel. A yellow Labrador is the tracking
dog while the search dog is a German shepherd, standing in tall grass.

Syracuse, N.Y., artist John M. Thompson painted each stamp in acrylics, based on
photographs that he composed.

"We are proud to commemorate these specialized dogs on stamps," U.S. Postal
Inspection Service Homeland Security Coordinator Michael T. Butler said, while
dedicating the stamps. "These animals are critical to serving individuals with
special needs and critical to enabling successful rescues."

The stamps are available in self-adhesive sheets of 4, 10 or 20. They're 65 cent
stamps, which means they work for mailing heavier first-class mail.

Bird lovers, meanwhile, will be excited about today's release of the Purple
Martin forever stamp celebrating North America's largest swallow. It was
designed using illustrations by Annapolis artist Matthew Frey.

The stamp features a purple martin perching and a smaller one in flight.


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: BZ-2195

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Unleashed


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                (IHT Rendezvous)

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Not to Everyone's Taste

BYLINE: MARK MCDONALD

SECTION: WORLD; global

LENGTH: 675 words



HIGHLIGHT: HONG KONG --- Lunar New Year celebrations have begun all across Asia,
and in some places the weeklong festivities include hearty meals of dog meat.
While the tradition of eating dog persists, notably in northern Vietnam and
southern China, it also seems to be in general decline throughout the region.


HONG KONG - For weeks now, in the prelude to the Lunar New Year holiday that
started Monday in Asia, the ramshackle restaurants along Nhât Tân Street in
Hanoi have been jammed with patrons.  Happens every New Year.  The menus feature
meat prepared seven different ways, and the meals, which typically cost about
$15, almost always include heroic drinking bouts with rice wine or the local
turpentine called

The Nhât Tân restaurants - you can't miss their large signs as you drive along
the Red River dike road in Hanoi - are legendary for the quality and
presentation of their   Their dog meat.

Eating dog meat is mostly a holdover custom for the traditionally minded, and
while it persists in several Asian countries, even year-round, it also seems to
be in general decline. The practice has effectively been banned in the
Philippines, Taiwan and Singapore, for example, and China is said to be
considering legislation to outlaw the eating of dogs and cats.

There is almost no demographic information about the consumption of dog meat
worldwide, although from anecdote and observation, young people in Asia -
especially those with access to global information and Western trends - rarely
partake of dog.

Animal-welfare groups have sprung up all across the region in recent years and
vegetarianism is now more common. Also, as Asian societies have achieved higher
standards of living (along with more leisure time and hobbies), they also have
begun to keep more household pets. Eating a bowl of dog stew must be more
difficult if there's a dewy-eyed Fido or Fluffy around.

Still, in some areas, you'd better keep a close eye and a short leash on your
puppy.

In northern Vietnam, for example, some believe that eating dog before the
holiday will chase away bad luck from the previous year. You get a clean karmic
slate, as it were, ready for good fortune to arrive. At other times of the year,
dog-meat dishes are thought to enhance virility and sexual prowess.

My colleague Roger Cohen sampled dog meat  in Chongqing, China, at a place that
offered  "dog paws, dog tail, dog brain, dog intestine, even dog penis."

"We went for a dog broth, simmered for four hours, with Sichuan pepper and
ginger," he said. "It was warming, with a pepper-tingle."

He also came across a local bit of folklore that said: "When the dog meat is
being simmered, even the gods become dizzy with hunger."

"Eating dog is unusually bad luck for Chinese people," Kerby Kuek, a feng shui
master in Hong Kong, told Rendezvous. "It was the practice in mainland China for
the past decades that eating dogs would bring better health, especially for
men's muscles. But as of recently, this practice is now openly criticized in
China."

Local government officials in September canceled a "carnival" in Qianxi, in
eastern China, a festival that began some 600 years ago and has annually
featured the public skinning, butchering and eating of thousands of dogs. The
officials acted  after an angry protest began on the Internet, according to the
state news agency Xinhua.  A poll conducted by Weibo, the hugely popular
microblogging site, found that 91 percent of respondents wanted the festival
stopped.

"I hope eating dogs will not be a custom there any more. It's not a carnival,
but a massacre," said Junchangzai, a Weibo user who started the online protest.

Only a small percentage of South Koreans still eat dog meat -usually the
elderly, and mostly men - and most young people won't touch it, according to my
colleague Choe Sang-hun in Seoul.

At the same time, many Koreans are angered by foreign criticism of their
consumption of dog meat. Dogs were more widely eaten in the South during
desperate economic times. (In impoverished North Korea, where dog meat is
apparently still consumed, it's called dangogi, or "sweet meat.")

Still, dog meat restaurants and butcher shops can be easily found in South
Korean cities, including the back alleys of Seoul, where the government
relocated the dog sellers before the 1988 Summer Olympics. Their signs now carry
euphemisms like "tonic soup.''

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2012 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  AmmoLand.com

                     January 21, 2012 Saturday 12:20 AM EST

Rhode Island Bill Proposes Harmful Restrictions on Dog Housing & Tethering

LENGTH: 416 words


Rhode Island Bill Proposes Harmful Restrictions on Dog Housing & Tethering

U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance

Columbus, OH --(Ammoland.com)- Senate Bill 2035, introduced by Senator John
Tassoni (D-Smithfield), would severely restrict how sporting dog and other
owners keep dogs outdoors.

The bill would prohibit keeping a dog outdoors in a pen, cage, or other outdoor
housing structure for more than 14 hours in a 24 hour period regardless of the
size of the pen.

Tethering a dog for more than 10 hours in a 24 hour period would also be
prohibited under the bill.

While the bill does include an exemption for sporting dog owners, it only would
apply when the dog was actively engaged in hunting, training, or field trialing
or while being transported to or from these activities. The exemption would not
apply to sporting dog owners while they are at home.

Both prohibitions would set arbitrary limits on how sporting and other dog
owners can keep dogs. This is despite the fact that reasonable and safe outdoor
housing and tethering practices have long been utilized by hunters and field
trailers who take great care of their dogs.

"This bill effectively kills the housing of dogs in outdoor kennels, a commonly
accepted practice across the country and one that is used by many premier dog
breeders," said Evan Heusinkveld, U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance director of state
services.

"The limits set by this bill are simply unwarranted, arbitrary, and would put
many responsible dog kennels out of existence. Sportsmen and sporting dog owners
need to contact their state senators and ask them to oppose this harmful bill."

The legislation is similar to Senate Bill 140, introduced by Senator Tassoni
last year.

Take Action! Rhode Island sportsmen should contact their state senators and ask
them to oppose Senate Bill 2035. Tell them the restrictions imposed by the bill
are unnecessary and would create an unwarranted hardship for responsible
sporting dog owners. To find your state senator's contact information, please
visit www.ussportsmen.org/LAC.

For more information, contact the U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance at 614-888-4868 or
email info@ussportsmen.org

About:

The U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance is a national association of sportsmen and
sportsmen's organizations that protects the rights of hunters, anglers and
trappers in the courts, legislatures, at the ballot, in Congress and through
public education programs. Visit www.ussportsmen.org.

Tags: Animal Rights, Anti-Hunting, Rhode Island, U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance, USSA


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: AMMO-6755

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 AmmoLand.com


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Philly Dawg

                      January 16, 2012 Monday 9:08 AM EST

BLOG: Philly Dawg: How did an effort to end pet gassing turn into a gun rights
debate ?

BYLINE: Amy Worden

LENGTH: 488 words


Jan. 15--Why is it that legislation aimed at protecting dogs seems to always
turn into a gun rights debate?

Like the latest bill before the state Senate to end the use of carbon monoxide
to kill dogs and cats in shelters, which until recently was only about ending
gas chambers.

Because it's Pennsylvania, where the only bills that pass relating to firearms
are those which expand the rights of gun owners.

But what do dogs have to do with guns?

Plenty, you city slickers.

Many hunters use dogs to track game birds. Some use dogs to root out ground hogs
and opossums. In the far flung corners of the state dogs are used to tree
raccoons.

Dog owners also want to preserve the right to shoot their dogs. Never mind that
the idea of putting a rifle to the head of the animal that slept next to you for
14 years is abhorrent to the vast majority of pet lovers.

But that right exists, except in commercial kennels -- that is, those breeding
kennels that sell more than 60 dogs a year or a single dog to a pet store.

Seems the gun lobby wants to reinstate the ability of commercial kennels owners
to shoot their dogs. That right was taken from them in 2008 after the massacre
of 80 dogs -- all of them snuggly lap breeds -- in their cages.

The Berks County kennel owner took that extreme and barbaric action after being
told by a dog warden to get flea treatment for his dogs.

Now commercial kennel owners -- we're talking about a whopping 60 people at last
count -- must bring in a vet to euthanize their dog by injection.

But animal welfare advocates are concerned the gas chamber bill -- SB 1329
-opens the door for the return of routine firearms use in large kennels because
it allows commercial kennels owners to shoot "dangerous" dogs.

Sarah Speed, Pennsylvania director for the Humane Society of the United States,
told the Allentown Morning Call
[http://www.mcall.com/news/local/mc-pennsylvania-euthanize-dogs
-and-cats-20120114,0,7233094.story]it would at the very least create ambiguity
in the law.

Bill sponsor Sen. Andy Dinniman (D., Chester) told the Call members of the
Senate Agriculture and Rural Affairs committee -which passed his bill
unanimously last month -- said it was dead without the shooting exemption.

Why don't we just give these handful of shelters the training and equipment to
administer sodium pentobarbital -- the most widely used method of euthanasia --
by injection like the hundreds of other shelters in the state?

Now let's move on to legislation that will improve the lives of thousands of
dogs in Pennsylvania: banning round-the-clock dog chaining.

Oh wait, we see the long arm of the NRA lurking around this bill. Ask any rural
shelter operator or the folks at the national anti-chaining group Dogs Deserve
Better, the majority of dogs who spend their lives on chains are...you guessed
it..hunting dogs.

Take away your right to chain your dog, they'll argue, and they'll be coming for
your gun next.


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PH-4211

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Philly Dawg


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Philly Dawg

                      January 15, 2012 Sunday 2:10 PM EST

BLOG: Philly Dawg: How did an effortt to end pet gassing turn into a gun rights
debate ?

BYLINE: Amy Worden

LENGTH: 487 words


Jan. 15--Why is it that legislation aimed at protecting dogs seems to always
turn into a gun rights debate?

Like the latest bill before the state Senate to end the use of carbon monoxide
to kill dogs and cats in shelters, which until recently was only about ending
gas chambers.

Because it's Pennsylvania, where the only bills that pass relating to firearms
are those which expand the rights of gun owners.

But what do dogs have to do with guns?

Plenty, you city slickers.

Many hunters use dogs to track game birds. Some use dogs to root out ground hogs
and opossums. In the far flung corners of the state dogs are used to tree
raccoons.

Dog owners also want to preserve the right to shoot their dogs. Nevermind that
the idea of putting a rifle to the head of the animal that slept next to you for
14 years is abhorrent to the vast majority of pet lovers.

But that right exists, except in commercial kennels -- that is, those breeding
kennels that sell more than 60 dogs a year or a single dog to a pet store.

Seems the gun lobby wants to reinstate the ability of commercial kennels owners
to shoot their dogs. That right was taken from them in 2008 after the massacre
of 80 dogs -- all of them snuggly lap breeds -- in their cages.

The Berks County kennel owner took that extreme and barbaric action after being
told by a dog warden to get flea treatment for his dogs.

Now commercial kennel owners -- we're talking about a whopping 60 people at last
count -- must bring in a vet to euthanize their dog by injection.

But animal welfare advocates are concerned the gas chamber bill -- SB 1329
-opens the door for the return of routine firearms use in large kennels because
it allows commercial kennels owners to shoot "dangerous" dogs.

Sarah Speed, Pennsylvania director for the Humane Society of the United States,
told the Allentown Morning Call
[http://www.mcall.com/news/local/mc-pennsylvania-euthanize-dogs
-and-cats-20120114,0,7233094.story]it would at the very least create ambiguity
in the law.

Bill sponsor Sen. Andy Dinniman (D., Chester) told the Call members of the
Senate Agriculture and Rural Affairs committee -which passed his bill
unanimously last month -- said it was dead without the gun exemption.

Why don't we just give these handful of shelters the training and equipment to
administer sodium pentobarbital -- the most widely used method of euthanasia --
by injection like the hundreds of other shelters in the state?

Now let's move on to legislation that will improve the lives of thousands of
dogs in Pennsylvania: banning round-the-clock dog chaining.

Oh wait, we see the long arm of the NRA lurking around this bill. Ask any rural
shelter operator or the folks at the national anti-chaining group Dogs Deserve
Better, the majority of dogs who spend their lives on chains are...you guesed
it..hunting dogs.

Take away your right to chain your dog, they'll argue, and they'll be coming for
your gun next.


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PH-4211

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Philly Dawg


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   600 Words

                      January 13, 2012 Friday 5:18 PM EST

My dogs went wild in a fight but don't ban them

BYLINE: Esther Cepeda

LENGTH: 546 words


http://platform.twitter.com/widgets/hub.1326407570.html

BY ESTHER J. CEPEDA, Chicago Sun-Times

Two summers ago I was involved in a violent, terrifying dog fight.

During a quiet evening stroll around my neighborhood, my husband, our two dogs
and I spotted a family of four up the street. A mom pushing a baby in a
stroller, a young girl trailing behind a big, white Samoyed and dad with a
large, leashed Boxer were headed our way and we decided to cross the street to
let the merry band pass.

But one of our dogs barked, setting off a cacophony of growls and woofs, and the
next thing I know, the girl with the large white dog had been yanked face-first
onto the concrete sidewalk from the force of her dog charging at ours. As her
mom started screaming, the dad started running toward us to gain control of the
loose dog with his increasingly agitated, though leashed, boxer in the lead.

Before we were able to get our own two dogs reined in, I was in the middle of a
full-on dog melee.

The boxer bit the hindquarters of one of my dogs while my other dog struggled to
tear open the snout of the Samoyed, despite being violently flailed in the air.
There was some blood and neither of the large attacking dogs walked away
unscathed from their encounter with my two pets, who had turned instantly into
seemingly demon-possessed killing machines at a moment's notice.

Are my two canine children - who would have gladly torn the throats out of the
unsuspecting boxer-and-Samoyed combo had my husband and I not been able to
grapple them away from the fracas - of a vicious breed? Hulking, blood-thirsty,
bred-to-kill pit bulls, perhaps?

No, not at all. I own two Chihuahuas. They weigh 15 lbs. combined and soaking
wet. They require darling little sweaters to get through the cold Chicago
winters.

My point here is not to boast about my dogs' ability to throw down in the name
of protecting their loving owners. It is to illustrate that under the right
circumstances, any dog - even when placid temperament, good training and
responsible ownership are factored in - can be a lethal weapon.

Sure, pit bulls can be the equivalents of a loaded gun, a ferocious package of
animal instinct and near super-human strength. But you could realistically
categorize most dog breeds that way in many situations. Then you're looking at
banning the ownership of all dogs, and that's no solution at all.

What happened to the Chicago lakefront jogger who was mauled by two loose pit
bulls so badly last Monday that he spent most of last week fighting for his life
is nothing less than a tragedy.

But a citywide ban on pit bulls - or other large breeds with bad reputations -
would punish scores of dogs and their responsible owners instead of putting the
penalty where it belongs: on the testosterone-fueled and negligent people who
keep these dogs only to make statements about their own personal power.

When the City Council meets on Jan. 18, they must be ready to put laws with real
teeth onto the books so that careless, irresponsible pet owners can be held
accountable - without unnecessarily persecuting reliable owners who, despite
best efforts, can sometimes have their dogs somehow escape the family backyard.

In any case, it's owners, not whole breeds of dogs, who should be punished for
reckless behavior.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SXHW-0001

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 600 words


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PR.com (Content Enterprises)

                      January 13, 2012 Friday 8:28 AM EST

Penelope Ann Miller & Uggie from the Artist to Announce Nominations for Dog News
Daily's 1st Annual Golden Collar Awards

LENGTH: 596 words


Los Angeles, CA, January 13, 2012 --(PR.com)-- The Artist's Penelope Ann Miller
who plays Doris, the wife of George Valentin and Uggie who plays George's
steadfast best friend in this year's most nominated film will announce the
canine nominees of Dog News Daily's 1st Annual Golden Collar Awards(TM) at a
press conference on Wednesday morning January 18th at 8am (PT) from Hollywood's
dog hotel to the stars, The D Pet Hotels (1041 N. Highland, Los Angeles, CA,
90038).

Canine nominees will be announced in five categories:

Best Dog in a Theatrical Film

Best Dog in a Foreign Film

Best Dog in a Direct-to-DVD Film

Best Dog in a Reality Television Series

Best Dog in a Television Series

The name of the human recipients for the two honorary Golden Collar's - The
Humanitarian Award and The Legends Award, will, also, be announced during the
press conference.

The prestigious Golden Collar(TM) will be given out to the dog who receives the
greatest number of 1st place votes from a panel of dog-loving judges consisting
of well-known film critics, entertainment journalists, and entertainment media
industry executives.

The judges include:

Linda Bell Blue, Executive Producer of Entertainment Tonight

Pete Hammond, Awards Columnist, Deadline Hollywood

Neil Stiles, President, Variety

George Pennacchio, Entertainment Reporter, for ABC7 Eyewitness News

Elizabeth Snead, Contributing Editor, The Hollywood Reporter

Steve Pond, Awards Columnist, The Wrap

Wendy Burch, Weekend Anchor, KTLA Morning News

Ramin Setoodeh, Senior Writer, Newsweek/The Daily Beast

Leo Quinones, Host of KFWB's Movie Talk Show

Lilly Liu, journalist, Apple Daily (Hong Kong), Hollywood Foreign Press
Association

Vera Anderson, journalist, Cine Premiere Magazine (Mexico) Hollywood Foreign
Press Association

According to Alan Siskind, CEO of Dog News Daily, the pet industry's leading
digital media & marketing company, "We're thrilled to have Penelope and Uggie
announcing the Golden Collar nominees. It's an honor to have both of them on
stage to let the world know which canine thespians are being formally recognized
and acknowledged for their tremendous performances in film & television in
2011."

Dog News Daily's 1st Annual Golden Collar Awards(TM) ceremony will take on
Monday, February 13 at 6:00pm (PT) at The Hotel Palomar in Westwood/Los Angeles,
a dog-friendly Kimpton Hotel. The evening will kick-off with red carpet arrivals
and private cocktail reception benefiting Los Angeles area dog rescue
organizations and shelters.

The world famous artist Simon Tavassoli and his design studio BB Simon in
Newport Beach CA have been commissioned to create the Golden Collar Award.

About Dog News Daily

Dog News Daily is the leading digital media & marketing company within the $34
billion "dog space", and the producer of the Golden Collar Awards(TM). The Los
Angeles-based company, founded in 2009 by Alan Siskind, publishes
DogNewsDaily.com, the most popular online dog magazine; and is the entertainment
industry's #1 niche marketing agency specializing in the promotion of dog-themed
movies & television shows to dog owners through the creation of national
sponsorship and brand integration programs in partnership with leading dog
product companies.

###

Press contact:

Vivian Mayer

Mayer & Associates

vivianmayer@sbcglobal.net

(818) 720-8846

Contact Information:

Dog News Daily LLC

Alan Siskind

310.479.3999

Contact via Email

www.dognewsdaily.com

Click here to read the full story: Penelope Ann Miller & Uggie from the Artist
to Announce Nominations for Dog News Daily's 1st Annual Golden Collar Awards

Press Release Distributed by PR.com


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CTNT-111863

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2012 PR.com


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Gut Check (Erie Times-News)

                      January 10, 2012 Tuesday 4:16 PM EST

BLOG: Gut Check: Making simple sense out of life: Beer for dogs? Dog lovers,
please weigh in

BYLINE: Lenore Skomal

LENGTH: 326 words


Jan.
10--[http://www.goerieblogs.com/news/writersblock/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/dog
_S411B.jpg]Looking through headlines around the world, I happened upon this one
in the Daily Mail [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2083958/Beer-dogs
-Mans-best-friend-enjoy-pint-Newcastle-pub-Brandling-Villa.html]. There is pub
in Great Britain that serves dog owners and their dogs. The dogs get their own
doggie menu that includes nonalcoholic beer and specialty dishes like pot roast
with cat flavored gravy. (No worries, cat lovers, the sauce is made with beef
stock and fish sauce. Phew.)

Doing a bit of research into this idea of nonalcoholic, non-carbonated beer for
dogs, I see that it's not really a new fad. There are several brands out there,
including Happy Tail Ale
[http://www.petsugar.com/Happy-Tail-Ale-Spoiled-Sweet-Spoiled-Rotten-722107] ,
Bowser Beer [http://www.amazon.com/Bowser-Beer-Dogs
-12-Ounce-Bottles/dp/B0019LQ8OG] and Dog Beer [http://www.dogbeer.com.au/]. The
former boasts that it contains "malted barley, all natural beef flavoring,
glucosamine, Vitamin E --and not a drop of alcohol." It comes at the fairly
hefty price of $13 a six pack.

Even though I have owned a dog, I have to admit I don't know much about pet
diets, other than what our vet told us--namely, that Bear should only eat dog
food or a veterinarian-approved diet and replenish his thirst with abundant
water. Consequently, that's all he was given.

Bear lived to be 14, never tasting a beer or a slice of roast beef. Except for
the occasional sweet potato skin that some unnamed person in our household would
slip him, Bear ate dog food. And took meds for his bad hips.

While the British pub clearly is doing some genius marketing work in appealing
to dog owners as many pubs, across the pond and here, don't allow pets inside, I
wonder about this practice of giving your dog a pint, even if it is
non-alcoholic and not habit forming.

What's next? Poodle Pinot Grigio?


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: EI-4733

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2012 Gut Check


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Pet Shop (Greensboro News and Record)

                     January 10, 2012 Tuesday 12:04 AM EST

BLOG: The Pet Shop: New blog feature will answer your dog questions

BYLINE: Andrea Martin

LENGTH: 312 words


Jan. 09--We are launching a new feature called "Training Tails" that I hope will
be helpful and informative for our readers. If you have questions about your
dogs' behavior or other training questions, send them to us. A local, certified
dog trainer will answer them.

"Training Tails" will be a regular feature on the blog and in our column in the
Saturday Life section.

This is our lineup of trainers:

--Gill Bray is an ABC-certified dog trainer. She owns AlphaPet Academy in
Greensboro. Gray uses positive reinforcement training methods and works mainly
with basic obedience.

--Dawn Gardner is a behavioral consultant and trainer and member of the
Association of Pet Dog Trainers. She owns Happy Hound Pet Services in Rockingham
County. Gardner works with dogs with anxiety and aggression issues in addition
to offering basic obedience training for family dogs.

--Erin James-Crook is a CPDT-KA-certified dog trainer and member of the
Association of Pet Dog Trainers. She is owner and head instructor at Collegiate
Canine in Winston-Salem. James-Crook specializes in fear-related behaviors and
dog-dog aggression, but accepts clients for basic manners training and other
behavioral needs.

--Jan Wilson is a CPDT-KA-certified dog trainer and member of the Association of
Pet Dog Trainers. She owns Dog-Gone Fun Dog Daycare and Training in
Kernersville. Wilson specializes in obedience and dog/puppy socialization.

--Adam Witherspoon is a member of the International Association of Canine
Professionals and is an evaluator for the AKC Canine Good Citizen Program. He
owns Shiloh K-9 Dog Training Services in Stoneville. Witherspoon works in
obedience training and behavior problem solving, including aggression.

Email your questions to thepetshop@news-record.com
[mailto:thepetshop@news-record.com] or write to Andrea Martin, News Record, 200
E. Market St, Greensboro, NC 27401.


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: VG-7324

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                          Copyright 2012 The Pet Shop


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Chicagoist

                     January 4, 2012 Wednesday 9:53 PM EST

City Clerk's Office Offering Prizes In New Dog Registration Campaign

LENGTH: 369 words


Image Credit: Monika Thorpe

Chicago City Clerk Susana Mendoza's office launched a new dog registration
campaign today, which comes days after jogger Joseph Finley sustained critical
injuries from two pitbulls while jogging along Rainbow Beach. And this time,
they're offering prizes for folks registering their dogs.

A previous dog registration drive by Mendoza's office led to a 252 percent
increase in dog licenses as part of a 90-day "education" campaign to let people
know that maybe that sweet looking choke collar on your rottweiler, or the
bedazzled collar for your French poodle, won't pass muster with the City
anymore.

"We believe many people are simply not aware of the requirement to register your
dog with the city," Mendoza said in a press release announcing the "Dog of
Distinction" campaign. The City Clerk's Office is partnering with local
businesses to drive the registration numbers higher.

The campaign runs through March 31 and all dogs who are registered will be
entered automatically into a pageant. After the campaign is completed, the
Clerk's office will randomly draw five dogs as finalists. Those dogs will then
be pitted in an online vote to determine which of them best exemplifies
"Chicago's spirit." The winning dog will receive a custom-designed dog tag with
real rubies and topazes created by Sherry Bender of famed The Goldsmith Ltd., an
appearance in a WCIU TV ad, a weekend stay at the Palmer House Hilton, a photo
shoot at Urban Out Sitters, and a feature story in Chicagoland Tails magazine.
All the finalists will get a dog-friendly architectural cruise from Shoreline
Cruises, a reservation to the exclusive Palmer House Hilton Dog Tea Party, Urban
Out Sitter gift bags filled with the latest in dog treats and

accessories and a Chicagoland Tails gift package created just for Chicago's
prize-winning dogs.

Mendoza estimates Chicago has a dog population of nearly 500,000, but only
30,000 dogs are registered. After this grace period, the City will begin
cracking down on unregistered dogs. Which is probably a better idea than
dredging up the argument for banning specific breeds.

As for Finley, doctors said that he should recover from his injuries and is now
in stable condition.


LOAD-DATE: January 04, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GOTH-0003

                           Copyright 2012 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2012 Chicagoist


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (City Room)

                            December 30, 2011 Friday

Answers From a Dog Expert: Part 2

BYLINE: THE NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: NYREGION

LENGTH: 1507 words



HIGHLIGHT: The second set of answers to readers' questions posed to our visiting
expert, William Berloni, a theatrical animal trainer and the director of animal
behavior for the Humane Society of New York.



His first set of answers are here.

Q.

I have two questions:

1. I recently adopted a sweet, perfectly mannered 8-year-old Pomeranian. As a
crazy cat lady, I am new to the dog game. Do you have recommendations for
enrichment toys for her? I would like something to entertain her while I am at
work. She can't have chew toys (like a Kong) because she only has a few back
molars and her fangs. A lot of toys are just too big for my five-pound dog.

2. My dog has recently started barking at about 65% of dogs we encounter on our
walks. She's never done this before. How can I curb this bad habit? She's fine
at the dog park. She's never aggressive toward other dogs we encounter. I tell
her "no" or shush her, but I doubt she understands these commands. I feel weird
pulling on her leash (she wears a no-pull harness). I usually pick her up while
the dog walks by. Am I training her to bark? Vera, 11211

A.

I am glad to hear you have come into the world of dogs. Now you can enjoy cats
and dogs. It is great you adopted an older girl. Most people would pass up on a
dog that age. As for the enrichment toys, I am not sure why she can't have
Kongs. A lot of dogs who are missing teeth enjoy teething on rubber toys. If she
likes chewing, I would get her small rubber toys, not nylon or plastic. Also
never give her rawhide or any skin or hoof product. Another enrichment toy I
like is a small hollow marrow bone with some peanut butter in it. The fact the
dog has to work at licking the peanut butter out of the middle will keep her
occupied for a long time.

As for the barking at other dogs, you say this barking started recently and you
adopted her recently. The reason she is barking is to protect herself. At first
she hoped you would protect her, but she has learned you can't protect her so
she is protecting herself. Making her heel (walking by your side), training her
to listen to you, will convince her you are the boss. Right now she barks and
you pick her up, which validates her idea that you can't protect her while she
is on the ground. She is older, small and it will be hard to find a training
class that will take her. But I encourage you to find a class so she won't have
to live her life afraid that her owner is not in control.

Q.

I've tried unsuccessfully to look for dogs on Petfinder.com. I've submitted at
least three applications specifically for small, older dogs, which is what I
feel would be a great fit for my small family. I haven't received one response.
Everyone talks about how you should adopt from a shelter, but it's proven to be
extremely difficult! Is it the fact that I've never owned a dog before? I happen
to have dog-sitted quite a few dogs in the past and I have a nice-sized private
backyard. What's the secret? wants a dog, New Jersey

A.

Kudos for wanting to adopt a dog. But adopting dogs is like social dating. You
can scan match.com and pick the people you think are right for you, but if the
computer says your profiles don't match, no one will contact you back. People
who look for older, small dogs are cherished. For some reason, the adoption
agencies may not feel the dogs you want are right for you. OR, you are too late
and the dogs are already adopted. MAYBE you are too far out of their adoption
zone. Nothing beats personal contact with a shelter. If you see a dog you want,
submit an application and call. Better yet, go in person and let the experts
make some suggestions to you. In the adoption game, it is finding the right home
for the animals. They have already been abandoned once; rescuers want to find
the forever home.

Q.

Love my 8-year-old Dachshund very much but now he seems bored and lonely. What
would be the best canine mate for a dog that loves a very calm surrounding at
this age? Louis Profeta, New York City

A.

I think dachshunds are great characters and a lot of fun. The best canine mate
for a dachsie is another dachsie; they have their own canine way of relating to
the world. Get an opposite sex to your dog. The same sex will create
competition, opposite will amuse. And adopt a dog about the same age with the
same energy level. That way they will have the same interests.

Q.

My 15-year-old terrier mix dog is driving me nuts and I am not sure what to do.
She was malnourished when I adopted her at 3 months and I think she suffered
brain damage because she has never been able to learn despite every effort. She
is destructive and I have always crated her (in a small crate) during the day
when I work. She never learned not to soil her crate but now, at 15, she pees
and poops in it almost every day, and also in the house during the night (I
often wake up to let her out). She is ruining my floors and the house is
starting to smell. When I clean her she tries to bite me, so I have to muzzle
her. Am I an awful person to consider putting her to sleep? Would something like
doggy Valium help? I really don't think she is ill - these are problems she has
always had, only much worse now that she is an old lady. She is otherwise
healthy and active, and sometimes sweet. I suppose a visit to the vet is needed,
but I just am not sure if it is worth it. I get so angry at her, but it would be
so much easier to love her if she weren't such a mess. Thanks for any
suggestions you might have. Liza Davis, Rosemont, NJ

A.

Of the hundreds of dogs I have owned, the end is always painful to watch. That
applies to all living things we love. The reason we have nursing homes for
people is the care of our elderly is so much more involved, we have to create a
safe environment for our elderly. That is what you need for your girl. You need
to create a senior zone for her safety and your welfare. It should be like a
giant playpen with wee pads all over the floor so whenever she goes, it won't
soil your home. Get her to the vet for a senior checkup. There may be some
medication if she is having some dementia. Euthanasia is only to relieve a lot
of extreme suffering or pain. Inconvenience should not be a reason. You have
cared for this little life for over 15 years. Create a safe zone and allow her
to finish her time without it being too difficult for you.

Q.

Is it fair to have a dog when you work 10 hours a day? Should I be planning for
a dog walker? Anne, upstate

Q.

I'd like to have a dog. I live in a condo and I work full time, but still ...
I'd like to have a dog. Medium size who doesn't shed a lot. What are my options?
Mary, New Haven, CT

Q.

Single with cats and would also love a dog, but worried that dog would be
unhappy while I am away at work 10-12 hours a day. What dog would you suggest
that would be happy with mostly cats for company and limited exercise? Space is
not really an issue. ro, NYC

A.

We have had lots of questions about the right dog for someone who works long
hours, 10 to 12. The question really is what highly social creature would enjoy
a long day of solitary confinement? The nature of dogs does not fit that type of
lifestyle. My advice at this point is get a cat.

Q.

I have a delightful 4-year-old female Rat Terrier named Lipton and I am
considering another young female ratty to provide company for her. Is this
advisable? I do not want to rock the boat. I have asked her but she just runs
through her repertoire of tricks looking for treats. Terry O'Neill, Toronto

A.

Rat terriers are very competitive. It is always advisable to get an opposite-sex
dog. When you have two males or two females, someone has to be alpha. If you get
a young male, your girl can train him to be a companion while retaining her
queen title and he can take over as king. There is nothing worse than two queens
in a room.

Q.

What is your recommended method of breaking up a dogfight when neither dog is on
a leash? chris, seattle

A.

Good question. Dogfights are to be avoided by owners at all costs. Once a dog
frenzies, it is biting indiscriminately and there is a great chance people will
get hurt. When I encounter a dogfight I grab anything I can to put it in between
the dogs. A chair, stick, pillows -- whatever is there. Once they disengage
because of this foreign object, push the aggressor back. Look to see when the
dogs are recognizing that you are a human, and carefully gain control. The best
situation is to prevent it.

Q.

Do pit bulls bite more than other dogs? Anon, Texas

A.

All dogs were bred to do one thing well. Hunting dogs hunt. Hounds use their
advanced sense of smell. Protection dogs protect. Herding dogs herd. I think you
get my point. Pits were mostly bred as fighting dogs. For the most part, we
don't fight dogs, but that instinct is there. And when a pit makes a mistake and
bites a dog or a human, the bite is usually more destructive. I have been bitten
by far more chihuahuas than by pit bulls. When people train pits to bite, it's
bad. When people train their pits to be good and are responsible, they can be
very good.


     ·    Q. and A. With William Berloni: Which Doggy in the Window?
     ·    What Are the Best Dogs for City Living?
     ·    Getting People, and Dogs, to Safety
     ·    Puppy Purchasing When Drunk, a Common City Scourge
     ·    A Pet's Fair Price for a Home?


LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2011 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Digital Journal

                    December 29, 2011 Thursday 11:32 AM EST

Dogs in Brazil commits to rescuing vulnerable canines

LENGTH: 2398 words


'Dogs in Brazil' is a non-profit in the making, committed to rescuing
traumatized and vulnerable street dogs in Brazil. Its founder says a lot needs
to be done to save dogs in that part of the world.

Abuse and neglect of dogs by humans continues in many parts of the world. At the
same time, we have the compassionate, the caring among us who don't shrink from
reaching out to helpless dogs in the most difficult of times and places. Of this
latter kind, Dogs in Brazil is a good example-an English husband-wife team of
volunteers that has committed to working in Brazil, rescuing vulnerable homeless
dogs from various kinds of traumas: disaster, human cruelty and abuse, and
accidents etc. In the following conversation, Janice Cabral of Dogs in Brazil
tells about her dog rescue work in Brazil.

Ernest: Hello Janice and thanks for responding to my interview call. Please tell
our readers where and how you got the idea and inspiration to start Dogs in
Brazil?

Janice: Dogs in Brazil actually started in September 2002 when we rescued our
first street dog after having arrived in Brazil in November 2001. It was never
really planned that we would become a shelter. We knew we were going to move
from an apartment in downtown Rio to the mountainous region of Rio, some
one-and-a-half hours from the city. The dog's name was Harry and he was found
bald and thin amid the rush hour traffic in Copacabana. Our compassion for the
multitude of stray dogs wandering the streets of Rio led to us helping one, and
then another would turn up, and then another, there was no end to the animals in
critical situations. We tried to only take the worst cases because there were so
many, and it was only obvious we could never help them all. In 2008, whilst
Carlos was back in England, working, I decided to go public with a blog and see
if we could get any help. So, Dogs in Brazil officially went out to the world.
The blog got very little attention in the early days. By this time, I had
between 12 and 14 dogs here. It took two years for the first donation to arrive.
We just kept on because we couldn't turn our backs on their suffering; this was
the motivating factor.

Ernest: What is the general situation of homeless or endangered dogs in Brazil?

Janice: The general situation for street dogs in Brazil is a sad and complex
situation. Brazil is a harsh environment for people and for animals. There are
stray dogs everywhere. The local councils sometimes clean up by collecting and
killing, and many people do not assume responsibility for their pets. They think
that pet ownership means leaving a dog to roam the streets all day and put some
leftover food scraps out at night. Medical treatment, vaccines, and spay or
neuter are definitely not part of their agenda for their pet. So many are thrown
out if they get pregnant, ill, or cause some type of inconvenience. Many are
born in the streets and have never had homes. The average life of a street dog
is around a year. Some get lucky and live a lot longer; others die quickly.

There is a lot of cruelty here with many dogs being poisoned, beaten, denied
medical treatment, and intentionally run over. People put dogs in plastic bin
liners and leave them tied up in the bag to be run over. I have rescued a dog
thrown from the window of a moving car. She broke her pelvis and collar bone
during the assault. She now has a good home. I see sick and dying dogs
regularly, and in August, I see many dying of distemper every year due to lack
of vaccination. My neighbour let seven die. I now vaccinate her dogs every year.
These street dogs are engaged in a serious battle for survival in which there
are more losers than winners. The situation is heart breaking to any one that
loves dogs.

Ernest: Are there a fair number of animal or dog rescue organizations working in
Brazil to save vulnerable dogs?

Janice: There are not enough rescue organizations here and most are situated in
larger towns; they do not have the resources to attend rural areas with high
populations of stray animals. Many city people drive their dogs to rural areas
in order to surreptitiously dump them. It is illegal here to dump dogs or cats;
however, the penalty is small and there is a culture of not denouncing here in
case there is a price to pay. Nobody knows who the owners are and you could
endanger your family and yourself by doing so. The nearest rescue organization
to us is half an hour away and never do anything much to help in our area. I
called them when a horse kept by a butcher for meat fell off the mountain side
(he was one of three so far). He landed in the dirt road and lay there dying.
After several people called, they came; but by that time, some people had moved
the dying horse to the roadside and he was technically in private property. They
said they could do nothing and the horse lay there dying for three days. They
will not attend road accident victims or abandoned horses, which are another
regular occurrence here. The do not have the resources to cover the town they
are in let alone the outlying areas. Some Brazilian cities are more organized
than others and more progressive than others, but Rio is sadly lacking.

Ernest: What kind of work is Dogs in Brazil currently doing for dogs?

Janice: We try to help where we see the most need. We recently rescued three
puppies left on a rock in the river to drown. We were told this was a popular
place to leave dogs. Many are also thrown in the river. We check out many of the
dumping grounds on a regular basis. Many are dumped close to our house by the
owners, who assume we can take them all in. I have even found a dog thrown into
one of my kennels by a neighbour who no longer wanted him. Luckily, the
inhabitant of the kennel, a little Beagle, was not aggressive. I have rescued
dogs with maggot-infested wounds, beaten animals, exhausted pregnant females
without a gram of spare flesh, dogs with cancer, tick disease, dysplasia,
starvation, one who had her ears cut off and had maggot-infested wounds, a puppy
from a bin liner with the whole family, including mom, all dead except for him,
a starving lame dog of which we have three, a dog with a cerebral lesion
paralyzed, a dog with neuro problems, three dogs I found in the rubbish, one
dumped at my door in a box-all this has become routine here. This is not to
mention the ones that died before they even got a name.

During the recent floods, it was worse than normal; was far worse. The
international organizations did not arrive until one month later. We saw the
carnage two days after the floods and landslides. We

managed to go to places by crossing broken bridges and circumnavigating by
knowing the area. We were the first people to bring ration into Agua Claras and
Sao Jose from outside. We are on the SOS Sao

Jose website because we were the first people to donate ration there. It was
heart-breaking. The smell of dead humans and animals pervaded the air. We were
worried about disease, so had to use face masks

like the inhabitants of these areas. We checked out Nova Friburgo, Sao Jose,
Itaipava, and Teresopolis and found the most need was in Teresopolis. A group
called Estimacao had set up a temporary

warehouse for flood victims, and conditions and resources were in bad shape.
There were still many animals trapped and alive out there. We set to work,
mostly Carlos, because I had to hold down the fort

here. Estimacao had only got a vet on weekends and during the weekdays, many
sick and injured dogs were coming in as volunteers were doing search and rescue.
I called out on our blog for help and

secured a donation to pay for a vet. He started work four days a week and
alleviated a lot of suffering. I went there many days and to help when possible.
It was heart-breaking that many puppies died. Two

in my arms took their last breath.

As time went on, the dogs rescued were in terrible shape; maggots had infested
their wounds; and they were starving as they waited for rescue. My husband was
at the Shelter, almost daily helping to

medicate, rescue, and comfort sick and dying dogs. We saw a dog whose tail
dropped off, eaten away by maggots; another whose eye and half his face were
eaten by maggots. A few that died the horrible

death of distemper. We cleaned their kennels, fed them, injected them, and
caressed them. We were featured on the kinship circle site and IDA and in a film
made about the disaster.

Ernest: What was it like to witness the sufferings of the dogs in this emergency
situation?

Janice: The disaster traumatized us all and we have formed a strong bond with
our friend Bebete who tried to save so many. We still help this non-profit even
though it's over an hour away and a half from us and we speak frequently with
Bebete. When you go through something like that, you tend to stay friends with
the people who shared and understand the experience, because it's almost
incomprehensible for others to understand the psychological effect this has on a
person. We will never forget this terrible disaster and the human and animal
distress we saw firsthand.

Ernest: Please tell us how you helped Nicki.

Janice: We did everything we could to help and took Nicki, an elderly GSD from
Teresopolis, because she was lame and old and one of the least adoptable dogs
there. She is still with us and is happy. She has a terrible fear of storms,
which is quite normal given the circumstances. She lost everything she knew and
loved. She has learnt to love again and we have fun now. She mourned her family
for a while, but she knew she had to go forward like us. When you live through
that, there is only one thing to do and that is keep walking forward, try not to
look back, because if you do, you will cry, which is what I am doing now as I am
writing this. So enough said about the disaster.

Ernest: And what are the limitations and difficulties that hinder your efforts
made to helping vulnerable dogs in Brazil?

Janice: The biggest problem here is raising funds. After the disaster, we lost
our income. If anyone would like to help, visit
http://www.janeiro-emmy.blogspot.com/ or we have a page on Facebook called 'Dogs
in Brazil' with a PayPal link on both. We are totally dependent right now on
donations.

Ernest: Have you received a positive response and active support from people in
Brazil regarding your cause?

Janice: In Brazil we have had hardly any response whatsoever from Brazilians.
And that for many reasons. Firstly, I can't set up a website in Portuguese and
my husband refuses to do this until we are registered. Only a tiny minority of
ordinary Brazilians speak English. Most Brazilians are very sceptical because
there are so many corrupt people here. We are about to get charity status, so
this may change their attitudes. My husband believes it is a waste of time
without charity status, and he is probably right. It is also illegal to
fundraise here as private people; so the Brazilian public really knows very
little about us. As soon as we receive the charity status, we will have a
website in Portuguese so they can read it. We will run fundraising events here
too.

Ernest: Let me ask you about this recent story of terrible abuse of a puppy by a
nurse in Brazil... the video you know that roused outrage by viewers on the
Internet. Are such cases common I Brazil? And do you mean to address such issues
in future when Dogs in Brazil establishes as a non-profit?

Janice: As a non-profit, we will be able to prosecute cruelty cases, although
this is usually pointless. The laws here to protect animals seem largely
ignored. It is actually illegal to keep a dog on a chain, yet it is commonplace
to see dogs chained 24 hours a day. Dog fighting is illegal, yet it is rare to
hear about prosecutions. Black dogs, cats and chicken are sacrificed for black
magic rituals (called macumba), yet nobody is ever prosecuted. Prison sentences
for animal abuse are rare. Even the nurse that recently beat a Yorkie puppy to
death is unlikely to spend a day in jail and this was a high-profile
International scandal.

Ernest: And do you think dog abuse cases get sufficient coverage in Brazilian
media?

Janice: Education is badly needed to teach children to respect and have
compassion for animals. I know people who privately prosecuted for cruelty and
lost the cases. I would say that cruelty is common here. There seems to be
little or no media coverage concerning abuse of animals, although I tend to read
in English.

Ernest: For any volunteers who might like to assist Dogs in Brazil remotely,
like through online work, do you have any message?

Janice: We are hoping as a non-profit to get some volunteers to help us with the
day-to-day chores here. I am hoping to get a vet student to come maybe once a
week to help clean ears, cut toe nails, and give therapy to dogs like Topi with
neurological problems. When we have one sick dog, it reduces attention to those
that are well. When Jessie was sick with a brain lesion, she required huge
amounts of attention. We are also hoping to get donations of food and
medications from Brazilian donors. People in other countries cannot help much
with this because the strict Brazilian customs and laws do not permit medication
or food products from other countries to enter. We run on a shoestring budget
here because we have to. People from other countries who want to help are
hampered by the huge cost of postage as well. Two ladies put together parcels
for us with hairbrushes, collars, leads, and bowls all of which we need, and
then they found the cost of postage was more than the value of the goods; so in
the end, they just sent the money and kept the care packages.

We are also hoping to find a lawyer who knows how to set up a non-profit in the
USA for us free of charge. This would help because all donations coming from the
USA would become tax deductible for the donors. There are several animal
charities in the third world set up in this way. We would also like to make a
small professional film about our work for a new web site. So that's about
it-every day, the battle goes on. We will never win the battle, but we will
never give up making a difference to as many as possible.

Ernest: Janice, thank you for the helpful work you've started for helping dogs
in Brazil, and thanks for taking the time to tell our readers about it.

* To donate to Dogs in Brazil, please visit their blog
http://www.janeiro-emmy.blogspot.com/.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DIJO-0001

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2011 Digital Journal


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Gadling

                     December 29, 2011 Thursday 2:50 PM EST

Love dogs? Check out Bau Haus dog cafe in Seoul, South Korea

LENGTH: 183 words


Filed under: Arts and Culture, Business, Food and Drink, Asia, South Korea,
Video, Women's Travel

http://www.youtube.com/embed/j9vSg5jXmxU

When I say Bau Haus is a dog cafe, I don't mean that there are cute dog photos
on the walls or that it's a meeting place for dog owners (although both of these
are part of it) . The eatery is, literally, a cafe for dogs and dog-lovers to
eat and hangout at. It is located in Hongdae in Seoul, South Korea, and canines
roam around the eatery as visitors feed and play with them. You can purchase dog
treats and pet presents, and there are small toys like frisbees lying around to
use. Most of the pooches belong to the cafe's owner and are very well behaved,
although anyone is allowed to bring their dog to Bau Haus. And don't worry about
the animals making a mess as the employees at Bau Haus tend to the pooches,
caring for them and cleaning up after them.

Love dogs? Check out Bau Haus dog cafe in Seoul, South Korea originally appeared
on Gadling on Thu, 29 Dec 2011 09:00:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of
feeds.

Read | Permalink | Email this | Comments


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: AOLB-5155

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 Gadling


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (City Room)

                            December 23, 2011 Friday

Answers from a Dog Expert

BYLINE: THE NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: NYREGION

LENGTH: 1718 words



HIGHLIGHT: Answers to reader questions from William Berloni, a theatrical animal
trainer and the director of animal behavior for the Humane Society of New York.



Following Elissa Gootman's article on Sunday about what kinds of dogs are best
for apartment living in New York City, readers submitted questions this week to
our visiting expert, William Berloni, a theatrical animal trainer and the
director of animal behavior for the Humane Society of New York.

Here is his first set of answers. The second will appear on City Room next
Friday.

Some questions have been edited and condensed.

Q.

My 7-year-old niece has been longing for a dog and now that they have moved from
Brooklyn to Connecticut and have a large yard her parents have agreed to letting
her have a dog. And this is where I (the Auntie) come in as I will be giving my
niece the dog as a present. ... In my initial research I came up with a
shortlist (really short!): labrapoodles and vizla. Would you be able to give
some further guidance? Thanks!

PS: I don't own a dog myself but am an avid fan and just know that I will fall
in love with their family dog! pippi, brooklyn

A.

Please, please please, please, please, please, please don't buy your niece a
dog! As well meaning as you are, you would no sooner adopt a child to give to
your family or make an arranged marriage for them. The same goes for adding a
four-legged living creature to their life style. The dog that is right for them
is to be determined, researched, investigated by them. Getting a dog is a "Till
death do we part" relationship and should not be gone into lightly.

If you want to be the loving aunt be a facilitator. Give you niece a gift
certificate to help the family get their dream dog. Take her to the library,
internet, shelter or responsible breeder and help them make the love match.
Otherwise you will make a mistake that will leave the family heartbroken and a
dog homeless.

Q.

How do I keep my 2 year old female Boston terrier from excessively licking
everything in sight. She licks the floor, the furniture, me, my wife etc... John
Hammer

A.

Excessive licking is a stereotypical behavior that is repeated without variation
or purpose. It can be cured by a vet who specializes in compulsive behaviors.
The cause is either physiological or behavioral. Your dog may have a dietary
deficiency or  nausea, or some other medical condition. Another major reason for
this type of behavior is stress. I have a Boston named Pi and he dances with the
New York City Ballet in a ballet called "Double Feature." If he did not have a
job in the city and a farm in the country, he would be a nervous wreck.

Keep detailed journals of the licking activity for a few days. There is a reason
and a good vet will find it. And do it sooner before your dogs ingest some
chemical or object that will cause them real harm.

Q.

My shelter dog never comes when called and often disappears for hours. what can
i do to train him? Linda Borg, Providence RI

Q.

I have similar problem with my spaniel x from Arkansas and have used positive
recall training for 2 years (which has worked, except in distraction), but
unfortunately the last resort is a move to the ecollar for most people in this
situation.  jformichelli, Boston

A.

Great to hear you both have shelter dogs. All dogs, though, will run away
without training. We would not want our readers to equate shelter dogs with bad
behaviors. Linda, go to a basic obedience class. First your dog has to learn to
respect you and then you teach them complicated behaviors like coming.

As for our friend in Boston who has had training, the breed mix traits have
wired her hunting dog to "go after the prey" when certain distractions arise. In
all these cases, safety is the key. Providence should be trained; and never let
Boston into a situation where she/he can get loose. We all have our limits.

Q.

As an owner of two cats in a New York apartment, what dog breeds would you
recommend so that all four of us can live in relative peace and everyone can
have some private space? tony

A.

All dogs somewhere in their genes have a predator instinct. It can be overcome
by raising a dog with cats. My suggestion is not necessarily a breed but a
rescue. Go to any respectable shelter and ask for a dog that gets along with
cats and then ask to witness the test.

At the Humane Society of New York, that is exactly what we do. You tell us the
type of cats you have temperament wise and we test our dogs with similar cats.
The breed will depend on what lifestyle you lead, active or calm and the size of
your apartment. Go get suggestions from a rescue organization.

Q.

My partner and I are seriously considering a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. We
have never had a dog, but believe this is a good breed for our activity level
and lifestyle. We have stable work hours (9-6 pm) & plan on hiring a dog walker
to be with the dog in the middle of the day. However, given CKCS's need for
companionship (a wonderful hallmark of the breed), will this human contact be
enough for the hours we are not home? Pilpiloni, New York

A.

First time dog owners are my favorite because if you have the right experience,
you will be won over forever and enter the secret dog lovers society. If you
have the wrong experience a lot of feelings get hurt and some animal ends up
homeless. Cavalier King Charles Spaniels were on my list as good dogs for NYC if
you have a social lifestyle.

Given your work schedule, though, I think a CKCS would be very lonely, as would
many other breeds. My suggestion is go to a reputable shelter and adopt a young
adult dog who has low energy and will be grateful for a new home. With that much
time alone you need a couch potato and that can come in many different breeds
and even mixed breeds.

It is great you are thinking ahead to have a dog walker come in and give the dog
a bathroom break. Now go to a shelter and find your match!

Q.

Do you have any breeds that you feel are ideal for a person living in a studio
apartment in the city who will be at work most of the day and returning in the
early evening? I've been interested in Havanese, but many say this breed does
not do well if left alone for a period of time. Also, the Coton de Tulear? Aside
from two nights a week, I'm home relatively regularly to spend time with a dog
(weekends/evenings).

I would also plan to have a walker come during the day as well. I have a
significant other who will care for the pup on the two nights I am not able to
come home after work and he can sometimes come home at lunch. It seems a puppy
may not be best for our situation, but would it be ok for a dog that is say 6
months to a year old? Some say to get two dogs in this situation, but I'd be a
new dog owner and that seems a bit much at first. Jenn Hains, Brooklyn, NY

A.

You say you have five evenings a week plus weekends to be with a new dog. I am
sure in that free time you will want to have a social life, shop, do laundry and
other activities which would cut into the time left for a new pet. It doesn't
sound like an ideal life for a social creature.

The advice you received about getting two dogs is sound, but you are correct in
thinking that it would be a lot for a first time dog owner. There are dogs in
shelters that do like to sleep all day, be fed and petted, but they are far and
few between.

My advice for now would be get a cat that acts like a dog. No walker necessary
during the day but the wonderful companionship of a four-legged furry creature
that is more independent than a dog.

Q.

Hi Bill, greetings from Max, the big golden/shepherd mix from the Humane Society
of New York. Here's my question: no matter how many types of chew toys we try,
Max prefers bike pedals, wicker baskets, Rollerblades, and chair legs. Meaty
bones that are supposed to last for weeks get destroyed in a day. Stuffed Kongs
don't hold much interest. What do you suggest to satisfy his urge to chew
something really hard? Susan, NYC

A.

For dogs with real urges to chew I recommend the Nylabone products. I have Irish
wolfhounds, deer hounds, larger terrier mixes and bulldogs. They have nylon
non-edible chew products that look like big bones. My dogs work at those and the
sterilized marrow bones. But all chew toys require supervision. As they start
breaking pieces off, you must replace them. I thought my guys would not go for
the nylon bones, but the shape makes them fun to chew.

Q.

My Akita mix is 14 years old! She's still very happy but can't walk well. Often
her back leg gives out. She's recently started barking at 4:30am and then
continues to bark until I walk her and feed her. She often then keeps barking
after that. I'm losing so much sleep! Any advice?Tara, Brooklyn

A.

This condition is common in many geriatric dogs. There can be many reasons the
sleep cycle is off. Call your vet for an appointment. There are both
prescription and holistic drugs that can help. Your dog will need blood work and
an exam for the vet to make the right choice. I have had success in the past
with my older dogs and you need to be well rested for them.

Q.

How about border terriers or Boston terriers? bernwall, Laurel, NY

A.

I have five cairn terriers and a Boston on my farm. They are great if you are a
type A personality with a lot of time to spend occupying them. They will go stir
crazy in an apartment left alone for hours. Otherwise lovely, intelligent active
dogs.

Q.

How do I keep my 2 year old Chihuahua mix (female) from being aggressive to
bigger dogs when we are out walking? Alex Justman, Foster City CA

A.

I have three Chihuahuas and they are fine with dogs their own size but will try
and kill my Irish wolfhound if left alone with him. Your two year old girl is
only trying to protect herself by trying to scare off the larger dogs. She
believes you are useless in protecting her so she is taking matters in her own
paws.

To reassure her, you must teach her you are in control of her. You need to take
her to a basic obedience class and teach her how to sit and stay with 100
percent results. Once you have done that, she can trust you will protect her
from other dogs. A lot of people think small dogs don't need training because
they are so small. But it leaves them to think for themselves and leaves the
owner a bystander. Get to class and show her you are in control.


     ·    Q. and A. With William Berloni: Which Doggy in the Window?
     ·    What Are the Best Dogs for City Living?
     ·    Complaint Box | Patter by Proxy
     ·    Getting People, and Dogs, to Safety
     ·    A Tradition Ends as Bars Shut Their Doors to Dogs


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2011 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Middle Lane (Houston Chronicle)

                      December 19, 2011 Monday 2:32 PM EST

BLOG: The Middle Lane: Out-of-town trips and dogs often don't mix. What to do
with the family hound?

BYLINE: Claudia Feldman

LENGTH: 280 words


Dec. 19--Millions of Americans are going to be traveling during the next two
holiday weeks, and with the travel, there will be plenty of stresses --
everything from budget troubles to fights with the relatives to horrendous lines
at the airport.

[http://blog.chron.com/middlelane/files/2011/12/dog.jpg]

I gotta get into day camp. I'll be good, I swear.

http://blog.chron.com/middlelane/files/2011/12/dog-150x132.jpg
[http://blog.chron.com/middlelane/files/2011/12/dog-150x132.jpg]

One that sounds too dumb to even discuss is the stress of leaving/boarding the
family dog. Nevertheless Bailey, my dog and personal assistant who only behaves
sometimes, is my biggest worry when it's time to drag out the suitcases.

If my neurotic, obsessive reluctance to leave Bailey is bad, I'm happy to say
there are other pet owners who are even worse.

In August the Wall Street Journal ran a story
[http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424053111904140604576498772934028728.html]
about dogs that went to summer camp (OK, no question, that sounds ridiculous).
These were the questions on the "camper application" at Camp Bow Wow in Long
Island:

1. Is there any person, type of dog or situation your dog seems to have a
problem with?

2. Has your dog ever growled at or bitten another person or dog?

3. Can you take a food item away from your dog without him growling?

4. Has your dog ever jumped a fence or barrier?

5. Are there any areas on your dog's body where he does not like to be touched
by humans?

6. Has your dog ever socialized with a large group of dogs (eight or more)?

How would your dog do on this test? I'm pretty sure Bailey would flunk, and I'm
not sure I'd score very well myself.


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: HO-4271

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2011 The Middle Lane


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                    December 15, 2011 Thursday 10:16 PM EST

Dog Food in India - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 302 words


Demand for dog food continues to see strong growth, with economy dry dog food
and premium dry dog food in particular set to perform well in 2011. The two
categories serve very different consumer segments. Economy dry dog food brands
are popular with the large base of middle-income and low-income consumers
looking for a balance between quality and value. Premium dry dog food is popular
among affluent urban consumers. This category is also seeing more product
specialisation, for example by breed,...

The Dog Food in India report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=T7BDE94TQ741313


LOAD-DATE: January 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                    December 15, 2011 Thursday 10:16 PM EST

Cat Food in India - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 302 words


Cat food is expected to continue to register steady growth in 2011. However, the
cat food category will rema in much smaller than dog food. This is because cats
are still considered to be low-maintenance pets and demand for prepared cat food
is low. Cat food is also more expensive than dog food, thus deterring low-income
consumers from switching to prepared cat food. However, there is growing
interest in cat food among urban consumers, due to improved household disposable
income and the lack of...

The Cat Food in India report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Cat Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=81D12X78M741314


LOAD-DATE: January 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Blogging Authors

                     December 13, 2011 Tuesday 9:34 AM EST

Renting an Apartment and Having a Dog: The Best Dog for Living in an Apartment

BYLINE: Admin

LENGTH: 1326 words


Guest Post by Jackie Phillips

All dogs can successfully be taught to live in an apartment.

The success rate among dogs will be in the extra amount of time and effort that
some dogs will need from the owner. Some dogs require more physical and mental
exercise like herding, sporting and working dogs. Some dogs have longer coats
which will require more brushing.

The breed aside, some individual dogs may have issues with being left alone in a
house without causing destruction. If this behavior is known prior to moving in
or develops later on, then some behavior modification and training will be
needed. The dog can be taught how to be inside without causing destruction.
Perhaps some time at a doggie day care a couple of times a week to relieve some
of the tension would help the dog to adjust to the new environment.

If the dog is not 100% successfully housetrained that issue must be dealt with
separately. Perhaps working with a professional dog trainer or behavior
consultant will help during the transition period.

If an owner is committed to daily exercise, stimulation with training and games,
trips to the dog park and regular grooming, than this is the kind of dog that
will do best in any apartment environment.

Some common breed differences when living in an apartment

Below is a generalization of dog sizes and their energy needs.

Small size dogs

Small dogs, generally dogs under 15 pounds, are a deceiving group of dogs to
automatically assume any kind of standard behavior. This group range from a
sedate Pekinese to high maintenance Yorkshire Terriers to nervous Chihuahuas to
strung out Jack Russell Terriers. One breed is so unlike another in exercise
needs and energy levels that it is close to comparing apples and oranges when
comparing the breeds in dogs less than 15 pounds. Unfortunately, due to the
discrimination and ignorance of many property owners, who wrongly feel any dog
less than 20 pounds is acceptable in their minds, this is the group of dogs that
most commonly are in apartments.

I think a broad generalization could include the use of the name Terrier as an
indication of demanding, high energy needs. Also if you look at the history of
the breed to see if they are a working breed, like the Jack Russells or the
Dachshund, and are they still being used for this work, like the Jack Russells,
that might give you a better indication of the dog's energy needs.

Compare this to the Pug or the Pekinese, who original purpose was for
companionship.

Medium size dogs

This group has a wide range of sizes anywhere from 15 to 20 pounds all the way
up to 50 pounds, and the breeds vary from all herding dogs (border collies and
cattle dogs) to spaniels (brittanys, springers), to bull dogs (English Bull Dogs
and American Pit Bull Terriers).

Let us not forget the Dalmatian, which is considered to be a non-sporting breed
group, but is one of the most demanding breeds for exercise and training and
direction of any breed that exists today due to its history as a hunting and
carriage dog.

Any breed with "spaniel" or "pointer" in its name will have high energy
automatically built in with demanding amounts of exercise on a daily basis. If
these needs fail to be met you may find holes in your doors, complaint notes
from your neighbors from the barking and claw marks on hardwood floors.

This category also includes most American Pit Bull Terriers (APBTs) and related
"bull breeds," which have about as much variation in personality and temperament
as there are dogs. Some of the bull breeds can be sedate, some can be medium
energy levels and some can be super high energy, and these can also change from
day to day. APBTs and their relatives can generally be classified as dogs that
need training, a leader as an owner, and a channeling for their intense focus
and emotions. These breeds typically need daily exercise such as walks,
supervised play sessions with other dogs and a lot of mind stimulation like
games and training classes. APBTs and other bull breeds need a great deal of
mental stimulation to keep them from creating mischief.

Larger size breeds

This breed group would include dogs from 50 pounds up to about 100 pounds. Any
breed that weighs over 100 pounds would be classified as a Giant breed, a group
that consists primarily of Mastiff-type breeds and larger sighthounds.

The most popular of the large breeds are the retrievers (Goldens and Labradors),
which are two of the most high energy and exercising demanding breeds that
exist. Yet many property owners will say "OK" to these breeds because of the
stereotype that these dogs are so friendly. However, one additional drawback to
the caring of these breeds is their coats, which need daily grooming and
brushing to prevent excessive shedding and matting.

Like the smallest breeds, the larger breeds of dog can be misleading. Many
property owners mistakenly believe that a large dog requires constant exercise
and would be unable to live in an apartment. Again, dogs are only as adaptable
as the degree of time and effort that an owner is willing to put into the dog.
Any dog of any size that is exercised and socialized properly can live anywhere.
If a 10 pound Jack Russell is not exercised daily and a 90 pound Rottweiler is,
then the Rottweiler will be more adaptable to the apartment.

Some Good Habits to Establish If You Live in an Apartment with Your Dog

Living in an apartment can be an enjoyable experience for both you and your dog.
The following is a suggested list of good habits in order to keep an apartment
experience fun.

1. Teach your dog a specific word for bathroom breaks so when it is pouring rain
or you are traveling, you will need them to go quickly or in an unfamiliar
location.

2. Keep your dog on a consistent and regular food because if your dog suddenly
has a bout of diarrhea due to a sudden change in food they will not have much
control to wait until you can take them out.

3. Provide daily physical and mental exercise for your dog.

4. Designate a space in the apartment that each animal can call its own that
others do not share.

5. You can also designate your own space in the apartment that the animals are
not allowed into such as the bathroom or kitchen for safety reasons or certain
pieces of furniture. Baby gates are very helpful to block access to certain
locations.

6. Since an apartment is small and limited on space and storage compared to a
house, you will end of sharing a lot of space with your pet simply due to the
fact that there is very little space to begin with. For example, it will be
difficult to prevent your dog from being on certain pieces of furniture,
especially if you don't have a crate for your dog.

7. I have been able to apply the same rule to other locations that a blanket
must be in a certain spot for the dog to lay on it, or they are not allowed.
When the blankets get washed, then these locations are off limits. I will
enforce this. I figure my dogs can wait a couple of hours until the blankets are
cleaned and they do. The use of the blankets does seem to give the dog a clear
understanding of when they can be on a piece of furniture and when they cannot.

**This excerpt comes from my published book: "Renting with Rex: How You, Your
Dog, Your Landlord and Your Neighbors Can All Thrive in Rental Housing."

Since 1984 Jackie Phillips has been renting with dogs, cats, birds and rabbits
in the San Francisco Bay Area and Northern California. She lived in a wide
variety of types and sizes of rentals. During these experiences, she has seen a
wide variety of landlords, property owners, managers, roommates and rental
agreements. She also volunteered and worked in shelters and have seen many
animals surrendered to shelters because their owners were unable to find a place
to live. Her main objective for this book is to prevent another animal from
loosing their home.

You can visit her general website at www.thesocialpet.com. You can reach her 24
hours a day at jackie@thesocialpet.com


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: RDVW-5634

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                        Copyright 2011 Blogging Authors


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Shanghaiist

                     December 12, 2011 Monday 11:02 AM EST

Photos: Another 200 dogs rescued in Sichuan by volunteers

LENGTH: 549 words


Volunteers rescued approximately 200 dogs in the Sichuanese city of Pengzhou (
), who were in the process of being transported for sale and consumption in
Guangdong province. Tang Qiong, who was in charge of the dog trafficking, was
ordered by volunteers to stop loading his truck, and to release all the dogs
from their cages inside his kennel.

Chaos ensued, with several dogs escaping and local residents fearing for their
safety from the pups, some of whom were pets that had gone missing from their
owners.

Tang protested that he had the proper licenses and quarantine certificates for
his trade, and that the dogs that were already dead in his custody were going to
be used to "feed chickens".

Upon further grilling, Tang was found to have been lacking the credentials he
boasted of having, with the dogs then removed from the premises to be
quarantined and vaccinated.

The dramatic dog rescue by volunteers is becoming quite the phenomenon in China,
with

similar scenes taking place in the Sichuan city of Zigong in October, when 800
dogs in the custody of another trader named Tang were rescued, as well as an
incident that saw 520 dogs rescued on the Beijing-Harbin highway in April.

Dog food

Though we for one think that you really can't think of any species that can
fetch you alcohol and cigarettes as being on the level of other animals, there
are going to be plenty of groups in China who would oppose an outright ban on
the eating of dogs.

Unlike the issue of shark finning, which has seen conservationists celebrating
due to the recent wave of bans against the selling of shark fin, the killing of
dogs doesn't threaten any fragile ecosystems, so a foolproof argument for ending
the practice of dog-eating can't rely on pressing environmental concerns.

In 2002, Slate found the argument against dog-eating in a country like South
Korea, where dog meat has been consumed by up to 30 percent of the population,
too weak to objectively hold up:

[The] philosophy boils down to this: The value of an animal depends on how you
treat it. If you befriend it, it's a friend. If you raise it for food, it's
food. This relativism is more dangerous than the absolutism of vegetarians or
even of thoughtful carnivores.

You can abstain from meat because you believe that the mental capacity of
animals is too close to that of humans. You can eat meat because you believe
that it isn't. Either way, you're using a fixed standard. But if you refuse to
eat only the meat of "companion" animals-chewing bacon, for example, while
telling Koreans that they can't stew Dalmatians-you're saying that the morality
of killing depends on habit or even whim.

Is the problem of dog-eating really so insurmountable? We suggest playing a
year's worth of dog-oriented family films on CCTV's movie channel, including
Lassie, Homeward Bound, the Beethoven septulogy and the Air Bud dodecalogy.
China's toddler and pre-teen contingent would be brainwashed enough by
heartwarming capers featuring talking/fun-loving/basketball-playing dogs to
throw a royal fit when they hear people actually enjoy munching on the likes of
the Air Buddies.

http://service.t.sina.com.cn/widget/WeiboShow.php?width=0&height=330&fansRow=2&p
type=1&speed=0&skin=1&isTitle=1&noborder=1&isWeibo=0&isFans=1&uid=1736006514&ver
ifier=fa40be14


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GOTH-0013

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                           Copyright 2011 Shanghaiist


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Virtual PR Agency

                      December 12, 2011 Monday 4:38 PM EST

Organic Dog Food from Party Animal Gourmet Organic Pet Food

LENGTH: 460 words


If you are looking for a healthier alternative source of food to feed your dog,
then you will want to broaden your search. Most people will only look in their
local supermarket, and if they can't find anything, stick with the processed pet
food you find in all major supermarket stores. This is a fatal mistake, as you
can find Organic Dog Food from many places in the world, and for low prices too.

People often associate organic food with high prices, this is not always the
case, it's all about shopping around, finding the best deals and taking action.
You will learn here, how to find the best organic dog food there is to buy, and
why it's so much more beneficial and positive to feed your dog this fuel. So,
firstly, let me open to world of the internet up to you. You can find anything
you want on the internet, people often misuse the internet, and forget the power
of knowledge and features that it has. Years ago you would have had to go to a
library or professional to seek advice on healthy dog food, but in these times
it's as simple as switching on your computer or laptop, and typing in a question
in a search engine. Everything has become instant with the internet, allowing
people to get on with their lives much quicker, and you can use the whole globe
as your shopping cart. So, you can certainly shop here on the net for your
organic dog food. You will find countless deals which impress you more than the
ones in the supermarket on the net, there are so many to choose from it's hard
to know where to begin. But, with this great selection available to you, you
must keep a clear head, you have the whole world to choose from, so why not
choose the best right? One company which has an ever growing reputation for
being a healthy dog food supplier is Party Animal Gourmet Organic Dog Food. They
have a great following, and offer the best tasting and most nutritious dog food
money can buy, your dog will think it's Christmas every day! The team of
researchers at Party Animal Gourmet Organic Dog Food, have put a lot of time and
effort into creating the most beneficial food for your dogs, they offer a wide
range of flavours and tastes for both cats and dogs. They have a whole section
on their website devoted to honest previous customer reviews, which all indicate
how happy and pleased they were with the dog food. Some testimonials state how
the dog food has changed their dogs attitude, and that they have seen a real
positive change in the behaviour of their dog, and it's all down to the goodness
in Party Animal Gourmet Organic Dog Food. Most dogs are unhappy and ill-behaved
due to bad eating habits, or processed dog food. Like humans eating fast food,
we may like the taste now and then, but overall it does us no good whatsoever.


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PRFR-111362

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                      Copyright 2011 The Virtual PR Agency


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 7, 2011 Wednesday 1:29 PM EST

Dog Food in Greece - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 302 words


Sales of dog food are expected to decline in 2011, as in the context of the
economic crisis, the growth of dog ownership is grinding to a halt, with
financially impaired consumers being forced to reduce spending on non-commodity
goods. In this framework many are postponing the acquisition of a pet to avoid
increasing their household expenditure. Furthermore, industry experts expect the
number of stray dogs to rise in 2011, as many pet owners who cannot afford the
maintenance costs of their...

The Dog Food in Greece report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=2C41O2L5M738803


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 7, 2011 Wednesday 1:28 PM EST

Dog Food in Slovakia - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 288 words


Dog food recorded yet another growth year in 2011 thanks to the continuous
interest of pet owners in quality feed for their dogs. Dog owners are much more
willing to buy premium branded products than cat owners. Sales in 2011 topped
EUR54 million for the first time, with the strongest growth coming from dog
treats. Both wet and dry food saw solid growth, with rates well above those
expected across Western Europe.

The Dog Food in Slovakia report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=U0JJU79LC738795


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 7, 2011 Wednesday 1:28 PM EST

Dog Food in the Netherlands - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 288 words


Sales of dog food performed well in 2010, triggered by steady demand for value
added products. For an increasing number of Dutch people dogs are considered
another member of the family. As a result dog food follows similar trends to
those evidenced in packaged food for humans. There is greater interest in
formulas earmarked with health and wellness attributes, and those incorporating
functional ingredients.

The Dog Food in Netherlands report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=FHDP1TS31738799


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 7, 2011 Wednesday 1:27 PM EST

Dog Food in Turkey - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 269 words


As the government set the GMO threshold at 0.01 for Turkey on 26 March 2010
(compared to 0.09 in the EU), some products could not enter Turkey. The problems
with the import of dog food resulted in an increase in the consumption of
domestic brands, which offer mainly economy and mid-priced products.

The Dog Food in Turkey report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=LV6479P5J738791


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       International Business Times News

                    December 7, 2011 Wednesday 12:34 PM EST

World's Oldest Living Dog, Pusuke, Dead: Five Other Dogs in Guinness Records
(Photos)

LENGTH: 308 words


The world's oldest living dog, Pusuke, is dead. The dog could have created
another record, had it lived for two years and eight months more.

Pusuke, who died at 26 years and nine months, met with an accident, causing its
internal organs to rupture, was certified as the world's oldest living dog by
the Guinness Book of Records last December.

Pusuke took the record of the oldest living dog from a beagle named Butch, who
died in 2003, at the age of 28.

Meanwhile, the record for the oldest dog, dead or alive, is currently held by an
Australian cattle-dog, Bluey, who was put to sleep in November 1939. Bluey was
29 years and five months old at the time of his death.

There are more than a 100 records made by dogs in the Guinness Book.

Here are five dogs with different records.

Tallest Dog Living

The tallest dog living is Giant George, a Great Dane, who measured 1.092 m (43
in) tall on Feb. 15, 2010, and is owned by David Nasser of Tucson, Ariz. George
also holds the record of the tallest dog ever.

Smallest Dog Living

The smallest dog living, in terms of height, is a long-haired, female Chihuahua
called Boo Boo, who measures 10.16 cm (4 in) tall. Boo Boo is owned by Lana
Elswick of Raceland, Ky.

Highest Jump by a Dog

The world record for the highest jump cleared by a dog is 172.7 cm (68 in),
achieved by Cinderella May, a Holly Grey. Cinderella is owned by Kate Long and
Kathleen Conroy of Miami.

Longest Tongue

The longest tongue on a dog measures 11.43 cm (4.5 in) and belongs to Puggy, a
male Pekingese. Puggy is owned by Becky Stanford. The measurement was taken at
the Avondale Haslet Animal Clinic in Texas, on May 8, 2009, when Puggy was nine
years old.

Longest Dog Living

The longest living dog is Farrell, a male Irish Wolfhound, who measures 237 cm
(93.17 in) from nose to tail-tip. Farrell is owned by Robert and Kate Fandetti,
of Baneberry.


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBTX-7212

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                Copyright 2011 International Business Times News


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                DownWithTyranny

                     December 3, 2011 Saturday 3:12 PM EST

More On The GOP Jihad Against Consumer Protection

LENGTH: 2241 words


On Wednesday we took a look at how Republicans and other conservatives serve
their corporate masters with an unending jihad against regulations that protect
consumers, small businesses, the environment, workers and the common good. We
saw a clear example from Vance Packard's 1960 best seller, The Waste Makers of
what unscrupulous businesses-- with an Ayn Rand/GOP perspective do when there is
no one looking out for the public interest. We concluded it was very Lord of the
Flies, which was published 6 years before Packard's book.

But I didn't want to leave anyone with the impression that it was just a bunch
of scoundrels tricking homeowners into replacing their furnaces. Packard was
very clear that it went way beyond that. And in our society, where the king of
planned obsolescence, Steve Jobs, has practically been deified, it's worth
looking at this a little more deeply-- especially with Boehner's and Cantor's
demented House passing bill after bill after bill tearing down the regulatory
system, bills that the Senate and the president ignore-- but bills that they
will pass again in 2013-- in the hopes of having a friendly, more demented,
Senate and White House. Thursday they passed a bill, the Regulatory Flexibility
Act, that has been dubbed a Koch Bros Christmas present. The goal is to lessen
regulations for the benefit of the 1% and much to the detriment of the 99%. But
isn't that what Republican governance is all about-- despite the deluded and
naive saps on the left who find no difference between the GOP and the Democrats
(just as Stalin found no difference in the early '30s between the Nazis and the
Social Democrats).

So Lamar Smith's H.R. 527 passed 263-159, every single Republican plus 28
dedicated servants of the 1% who have infiltrated the Democratic Party voting
AYE. The bad Democrats (by the way):

Jason Atmire (Blue Dog-PA)

John Barrow (Blue Dog-GA)

Sanford Bishop (Blue Dog-GA)

Dan Boren (Blue Dog-OK)

Leonard Boswell (Blue Dog-IA)

John Carney (corporate whore-DE)

Ben Chandler (Blue Dog-KY)

Jim Cooper (Blue Dog-TN)

Jim Costa (Blue Dog-CA)

Mark Critz (corporate whore-PA)

Henry Cuellar (Blue Dog-TX)

Pete DeFazio (someone who has recently flipped his lid-OR)

Kathy Hochul (ConservaDem-NY)

Tim Holden (Blue Dog-PA)

Ron Kind (corporate whore-WI)

Larry Kissell (stealth Blue Dog-NC)

Dave Loebsack (IA)

Jim Matheson (Blue Dog-UT)

Mike McIntrye (Blue Dog-NC)

Bill Owens (ConservaDem-NY)

Ed Perlmutter (ConservaDem-CO)

Colin Peterson (Blue Dog-MN)

Nick Rahall (ConservaDem-WV)

Mike Ross (Blue Dog-AR)

Kurt Schrader (Blue Dog-OR)

Heath Shuler (Blue Dog-NC)

Betty Sutton (OH)

Tim Walz (MN)

Sherwood Boehlert, a very respected former Republican congressman from New York,
once chairman of the Science Committee, wrote an OpEd about the GOP
anti-regulatory jihad for The Hill Wednesday, in which he accused right-wing
Republicans of going too far.

The House is moving forward with three bills that would cripple the regulatory
system. The bills are not going to become law this Congress, but they show how
far a party in thrall to its right-most wing is willing to veer from what has
long been the mainstream. The critical question is whether and when more
moderate voices-- centrist Republicans in Congress, sensible business leaders
and the largely centrist American public-- will recognize the damage being done
and raise their voices to call it to a halt. Clearly, that's not going to happen
in the House itself.

No one would argue that the regulatory system is perfect or that it's some holy
apparatus from which mere lawmakers should keep their distance. But overall, it
accomplishes what Congress set it up to do-- it protects the public, produces
benefits that outweigh costs, and has, according to most studies, a neutral to
slightly positive effect on employment. And as we continue to suffer through a
bank-induced recession, it shouldn't take leaps of imagination to understand the
harm inflicted when the system fails to do its job.

Yet the bills before the House would prevent the system from working: they are a
recipe for failure. The bills are sometimes described with the mild term
"regulatory reform" but these measures have as much to do with reform as
Communist re-education camps had to do with education.

In the case of the REINS Act, in particular, the analogy is all too apt:
"reform" is simply a euphemism for an effort to break the system and remake it
according to ideological prescription that will leave it permanently hobbled.

Anyone who wants to understand what the right wing's project is truly about need
look no further than the REINS Act, sponsored in the Senate, tellingly, by Rand
Paul. The bill would require Congress to approve all major rules. This would
mean, among other things, that Congress would be the arbiter of each and every
significant regulatory matter, no matter how technical, and that a single
chamber of Congress could kill any rule.

It is not hard to predict the result-- a virtual shutdown of the system that
will leave the public exposed. Decision-making would be less rational and more
random than anything that happens now because the formalities imposed by agency
procedures and judicial review would no longer govern.

One doesn't need to guess at the results because we've already tried a system
like this. The regulatory system developed, starting in the late 1800s,
precisely because a system that vested this much daily decision-making in
Congress simply didn't work.

If you think that the very notion of having, say, a Food and Drug Administration
is a mistake, then REINS makes perfect sense. Otherwise, it's hard to credit.
And it's hard to see how even business would be better off without expert
agencies like the FDA, which provide a degree of predictability and consumer
confidence for business.

And Congress doesn't need REINS to control the regulatory system; it can already
intervene to block any rule (and is not reluctant to do so), and it writes the
laws that determine what gets regulated. And it's ironic that people who say
they got elected to change the regulatory system can at the same time claim that
no one holds Congress accountable. Their real complaint is that not everyone
agrees with them about how the system should work.

The other bills before the House don't go as far as REINS-- nothing could, short
of just eliminating every regulatory agency entirely-- but they are animated by
the same attitudes, and it's no accident that they're being brought up as a
group.

They are all different ways to gum up the works. And in some ways they
contradict each other: REINS seeks to weaken regulatory agencies and to make
Congress the locus of all decisions, while the Regulatory Accountability Act
(RAA) gives the agencies and the courts more responsibility. The only straight
line between those two opposite points leads to regulatory breakdown.

The RAA does have one structural similarity with REINS, though: it would
effectively amend, in one fell swoop, numerous health and safety laws without
any serious analysis of what that would mean. In addition to saddling the
regulatory process with enough new procedural requirements to slow it to a
standstill, in one simple phrase-- "notwithstanding any other provision of
law"-- the RAA changes the criteria for setting health and safety standards in
many statutes.

Also like REINS, the RAA revives ideas that have already failed, such as
so-called "formal rulemaking"-- trial-like procedures that were shown to slow
things down without improving any results. Again, an ironic move when the REINS
Act would effectively ditch all formal procedures in favor of a political
sweepstakes.

The third and least extreme bill, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, also ignores
history-- larding the system with additional reviews based on previous efforts
that have slowed progress while helping nobody.

The Republican Party should be spending its time trying to improve what is
basically an effective system, figuring out how to improve protections and
reduce costs. But the House is off on a very different path, ignoring experience
in favor of ideology, working to destroy a system that has protected business as
well as the public. It's high time for those in the center to call them on that.

So... back to our friend Vance Packard and his theorizing about the future in
1960. This is what happens when corporations-- which have only one goal (profit)
and no conscience-- don't have regulations to follow:

The idea of creating obsolescence of quality through material failure is not a
new concept. In the late twenties, Advertising & Selling carried a statement by
J. George Frederick on the problem of increasing consumption. He dismissed as a
"mere minor stopgap" the proposals of political liberals that more money be put
into consumers' hands. A far more powerful lever, he said, was the "principle"
for which he had dreamed up the name "progressive obsolescence." That simply
meant indoctrinating the people who do have spending money with the habit of
"buying more goods on the basis of obsolescence in efficiency, economy, style,
or taste."

Obsolescence planning was spelled out much more bluntly-- and specifically in
terms of quality-- a few years later in a speculative article entitled "Outmoded
Durability" in Printers' Ink (January 9, 1936). It's author was Leon Kelley,
identified as an executive of Fishier, Zealand & Co. The article subtitle was
"If Merchandise Does Not Wear Out Faster, Factories Will Be Idle, People
Unemployed."

Mr. Kelley explained that man traditionally has cherished the notion that
durability is a prime feature of merit in products and that the longer a thing
lasts the more completely you realize a return on the money you paid for it. He
cited the grandfather's clock that had been in his family for two hundred years
and still worked fine. Advertisers, he said, have tended to stress durability of
their product as a major feature.

This harping on durability, he said, was out of date and should stop. It didn't
meet the needs of the times.

...Certain practices of General Electric came to light during a United States
government suit involving General Electric's international agreements in the
late thirties...

In one memorandum introduced as an exhibit during the proceedings, a company
engineer outlined to his superior a program for increasing sales by increasing
the efficiency and shortening the life of flashlight lamps. He pointed out that
progress already was being made. Originally the flashlight lamps outlasted three
batteries. They were now made to last only through two batteries. And now he was
proposing that the lamp life be adjusted to last through only one battery. "If
this is done," he pointed out, "we estimate that it would result in increasing
our flashlight business approximately 60 percent."

...A number of designing engineers entrusted with shaping United States products
meanwhile began showing acute cases of guilty conscience about some of the
things they were expected to do. After all, they hadn't been taught during their
idealistic days back in college how to build products that would fall apart
after an appropriate period of service.

In fact it sounds like the corporations, which went to a great deal of effort to
hide their intentions, were downright sociopathic.

One magazine writer asked, "Is purposeful design for product failure unethical?
The particular engineer in question stoutly defends his company's design
philosophy in two ways: first, if portable radios characteristically lasted ten
years, the market might be saturated long before repeat sales could support
continued volume manufacturing...; second, the user would be denied benefits of
accelerated progress if long life is a product characteristic." The editor's
informant went on to explain that it takes sales to get money in order to
develop "better" performance, "better" styling, and "better" prices for
products.

The consumer had no choice in the matter and that his investment over the ten
years was much higher, didn't seem to bother than corporate heads, who operated
outside of the purview of any regulatory agencies designed to protect the
interests of consumers, who were, clearly, being systematically ripped off by
this "customer be damned attitude."

Packard concludes the chapter with three objections to what he calls "designing
death dates" into products. I'll go directly to the final one:

Death-dating was cheating the customers out of hard earned money. Harold L.
Chambers of Remington Rand observed "I greatly doubt that any one of us
[designers] would wish to apply this "principle" of planned short-term failure
to his own purchases of home, auto, piano, and other durable goods involving
considerable expense. Why, then, support pressing this principle on 'someone
else'? ... Several expressed the opinion that if engineers did in designing
products for a given life expectancy, then ethics should compel them to insist
that those death dates be printed on the product. One was not optimistic that
sales departments would permit that. Managements might fear, he said, that such
information would be "misunderstood" by consumers,

Or that they actually would understand. There's even a chance that voters will
figure out what Republicans are up to by taking a sledge hammer to the
regulatory system on behalf of the worst capitalistic predators roaming the
planet today. This interview was done early in 1989, even before
OccupyWallStreet took over Zuccotti Park.


LOAD-DATE: December 03, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DOWT-7597

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2011 DownWithTyranny


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Jezebel

                      December 2, 2011 Friday 3:20 PM EST

Even Military Dogs Are Being Diagnosed With PTSD [Animals]

LENGTH: 515 words


We know that many soldiers are returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan with
post-traumatic stress disorder, but they're not the only ones disturbed by what
they've seen in war zones. The concept is new, but military veterinarians say
they're diagnosing service dogs with PTSD and even developing treatments, even
though it's incredibly difficult when their patients can't tell them what
they've witnessed.

Since people talk about pets who were once abused cowering from people or
barking at certain objects it's a bit surprising that doggie PTSD is a new idea.
However, the New York Times reports that it only became popular about 18 months
ago and is still controversial. It's estimated that more than 5% of the roughly
650 military dogs currently in combat have the disorder. Soldiers are noticing
that dogs they work with are undergoing drastic behavioral changes. Some become
timid and want to stick with their handlers while others are suddenly agressive.
Other dogs seem fine most of the time, but won't go near buildings they
associate with violence and become alarmed by explosions when they weren't
before.

About half of the dogs diagnosed with PTSD will be retired, but first the
military tries to rehabilitate them. This has proven difficult since
veteranarians have to guess about what's upsetting the dog. (Not that treatment
is easy for their human companions. This week the Senate Veterans' Affairs
committee heard testimony about servicemembers facing delays in treatment for
PTSD at VA hospitals.) Some dogs just need a break. After some time of for
exercise, play, and obedience training, they seem to improve. Dogs that are
seriously traumatized undergo "desensitization counterconditioning" at the
Daniel E. Holland Military Working Dog Hospital at Lackland Air Force Base. The
dogs are exposed to triggering sights and sounds, like gunshots, explosions, or
vehicles, and rewarded if they don't react. Over time trigger is moved closer
and closer to show the dog that it isn't a threat at that distance. In some
cases dogs are even prescribed anti-anxiety drugs like Xanax, though some
experts oppose that treatment.

Dogs perform many tasks in combat that humans can't, and are particularly good
at detecting I.E.D.s, which are extremely difficult to find using standard
equipment. Dogs are vital to many military operations and it's generally
considered better to risk an animal's life than a human's, but their use in war
is still unsettling. On the one hand, the new awareness of PTSD in military dogs
is positive because the treatments can be applied even to canines who haven't
been in combat but were traumatized by car accidents or abuse. Yet, there's a
disturbing undertone to the story that makes it impossible to simply enjoy some
adorable photos of soldiers with their dogs. The dogs are all forced into
service, and in addition to risking their lives, they're suffering from
psychological trauma they can't explain we don't quite know how to treat.

After Duty, Dogs Suffer Like Soldiers [NYT]

Senate Panel Hears Of Battles For Care By Veterans With PTSD [USA Today]


LOAD-DATE: December 02, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: GAWK-0016

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 Jezebel


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                    (At War)

                            December 2, 2011 Friday

War Dogs of Guam

BYLINE: AT WAR

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 526 words



HIGHLIGHT: In his book "The Foreign Burial of American War Dead," Chris Dickon
notes that 25 dogs were killed in Guam while serving alongside American troops.



In response to our article about military working dogs that get post-traumatic
stress disorder and our post Thursday about bomb-sniffing dogs in Iraq, the
writer and historian Chris Dickon pointed out that American military working
dogs played an important role in World War II. In his book, The Foreign Burial
of American War Dead, Mr. Dickon notes that 25 dogs were killed in Guam while
serving alongside American troops. Those American-born and bred dogs were buried
and reburied in three different locations and have been memorialized on plaques
and in ceremonies, Mr. Dickon says.

Here's an excerpt from his book:

No less so than their human comrades, the dogs were killed and wounded by
gunfire and mortars, and no less so were they moved quickly to the rear when
wounded, where veterinarians waited to give them care. By August 10, 3,000
American men and 25 dogs were killed, but the island was secured. So valued were
the war dogs of Guam that as the dead were returned to the beach on which the
invasion had begun, one was buried at sea and 24 were each buried in a section
of the temporary cemetery created for the men with whom they had fought. At some
point, they were each given a small headstone with a single name.

At the end of the war, among all of the dogs in service, six were awarded Silver
Stars, seven received Bronze Stars and 40 received Purple Hearts. In 1946, the
awards were rescinded as an assault to the dignity of their human counterparts.
And when the human dead of Guam were eventually exhumed for return to national
cemeteries and their families, the residents of "War Dog Cemetery Guam" were
left behind. In the decades to come, their resting place would almost disappear
into the nearby sea and the overgrowing jungle.

And another on The National War Dog Cemetery:

It was [Dr. William] Putney and his fellow veterinarians who had built the small
cemetery on the beach, and when he returned to Guam in 1989, he could not easily
find it. He learned that it had been scrambled by a typhoon in 1963 and moved
hastily inland. Directed to its new location he found it in disrepair and
overgrown with weeds, a place of "disgrace and dishonor." He began an effort to
have the dogs properly and permanently reburied. "These dogs lived in foxholes
with their men. They went on and led over 350 patrols. Their handlers killed 301
enemy soldiers with the loss of only one of my men on patrols. So the fact that
these dogs were killed instead of us and kept us from ever being ambushed or
surprised at night makes them heroes in my mind."

The National War Dog Cemetery was opened ceremonially at the U.S. Naval Base at
Orote Point on July 20, 1994, the 50th anniversary of the invasion of Guam.
William Putney, who had been nominated for, but never received, the Silver Star
for bravery in 1944, was finally given that medal at ceremonies commemorating
the end of World War II the following year.


     ·    As Soldiers Leave Iraq, Bomb-Sniffing Dogs Stay
     ·    What They Are Reading: 'My Life With the Taliban'
     ·    U.S. Military Press Office Iraq, Signing Off
     ·    On Lens: An Intimate Portrait of Baghdad Today
     ·    As American Bases Dwindle, Soldiers Have Less Time to Dwell


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2011 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Virginia HS Injury Law Blog

                      December 2, 2011 Friday 11:06 AM EST

Hampton, VA Children Attacked, Injured by Dog

LENGTH: 320 words


Two young Hampton, Virginia (VA), children are recovering from injuries after a
dog bit them on November 26, 2011. According to WAVY-TV 10, the kids were
playing with the unleashed pet when, for unknown reasons, the animal attacked.
The younger of the children, a 6-year-old, required hospital treatment for bites
to both arms.

The dog was apparently so vicious that an adult who came the children's aid
found it necessary to hit the animal in the head with a bat to get it to retreat
and stop attacking.

Dog attacks children in Hampton, VA: wavy.com

The kids' physical injuries don't appear too serious, but a detail of the story
that really jumped out at me is this: "The owner was charged with failure to
provide adequate care, failure to vaccinate the dog for rabies, not having a
city dog license and dog attacking while at large." Which is all to stay that
the dog's owner let the animal run loose and at risk for a disease that can kill
it and any person it bites.

People who have pets, especially dogs, have legal and civil responsibilities for
controlling their animals. Again focusing on dogs, this means the pet owner
should have a fenced yard, keep their dog on a leash when they go for a walk and
make sure their dog has all its vaccinations. Failing to meet those
responsibilities can make a pet owner liable for injuries or deaths their dog
causes.

Hampton Animal Control authorities have taken custody of the dog that bit the
children during Thanksgiving weekend and are observing it for rabies symptoms
and other signs of aggression. It is not unusual in cases like this for the dog
to be put down regardless of the findings, for people bitten to begin
precautionary treatment for rabies -- a particularly uncomfortable series of
injections -- and for the owner to pay criminal fines.

For the sake of their animals, their neighbors and themselves, all dog owners
should do what they can to prevent dog bites.

EJL


LOAD-DATE: December 02, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: HSIL-6408

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                   Copyright 2011 Virginia HS Injury Law Blog


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The B-Town Blog

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 7:50 AM EST

Owner Of Hoarded Dogs Rescued In Burien Is Veteran AKC Dog Show Judge

LENGTH: 400 words


Screengrab from a video of a rescued Chihuahua.

by Scott Schaefer

As we previously reported (read our coverage, including photos, here), a Burien
house was raided Oct. 6, where 38 dogs were rescued, nine of which had to be
euthanized.

Turns out that the Owner/Hoarder of the dogs is actually a veteran American
Kennel Club (AKC) dog show judge.

Chihuahuas, Pomeranians, and Chin dogs were found in homes in both Burien and
Issaquah, all in poor health and kept in extremely dirty dog crates.

CARES Animal Control took in the surviving Burien dogs, and cleaned them up for
fostering/adoption.

Pasado's Safe Haven provided law enforcement with video footage of the dogs,
showing them living in life-threatening conditions at the homes.

According to Amber Chenoweth of Safe Haven, the video shows that "some of the
dogs were neurotic, spinning uncontrollably, and others were nothing but
hopeless - lying in the back of small crates, lined with urine and feces. The
cage doors were rusted with mats of fur stuck to the bars. The dogs seemed to be
in a dark room living in absolute fear. You could see the desperateness of each
tiny soul who had been in this condition for an unknown amount of time."

Pasado's Safe Haven is now asking for 14 counts of Animal Cruelty charges in the
first degree for the Owner, who apparently has "decades of involvement with dog
breeding and showing," according to Chenoweth.

"Many of the dogs did not have food, water, sanitation or necessary medical
treatment," Chenoweth added.

The Owner and her husband, who has since passed away, have decades of
involvement with dog breeding and showing for the AKC, and they've owned many of
the top show Chihuahua in the world. Pasado's was informed that she was few days
away from sending one of her dogs off to another big show when this case came to
light.

"Because breeding is a money making business, there are many breeders who do it
for the money alone," Pasado's added. "The dogs that had been shoved away into
the Burien basement had possibly at one time been Hamilton's prize dogs. When
they no longer could bring money in, they became as useless as the old, rusty
crates that they were forced to live in."

http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b-townblog.com%2F
2011%2F11%2F30%2Fowner-of-hoarded-dogs-rescued-in-burien-is-veteran-akc-dog
-show-judge%2F&layout=standard&&width=300&action=like&colorscheme=light


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: BTWN-6911

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2011 The B-Town Blog


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 1:40 PM EST

Dog Food in Romania - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 301 words


The improvement of consumer purchasing power, coupled with changing consumer
lifestyles, is the main reason for the good growth of dog food. Dogs are the
main household pets in urban areas, which in turn account for the highest
household incomes, also contributing to the dynamic growth of packaged dog food.
Young professionals show the strongest preference for owning dogs. Most of these
people do not have time to prepare meals for their pets and therefore buy
packaged dog food to save...

The Dog Food in Romania report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2005-2009, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2014 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and
Cat Food, Standard Premium Dog and Cat Food, Super Premium Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=2447786EM734968


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 1:40 PM EST

Dog Food in Bulgaria - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 302 words


The dog food category continued to be dominated by multinational companies in
2010, leaving little space for local manufacturers to compete. A greater variety
of products in terms of prices and food types, accompanied by better advertising
and distribution, helped multinationals retain their leading positions. The
entry of Diamond Pet Foods, which is expected to establish itself well in
Bulgaria over the forecast period, will further increase the dominance of
multinationals in the dog food...

The Dog Food in Bulgaria report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2005-2009, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2014 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and
Cat Food, Standard Premium Dog and Cat Food, Super Premium Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=5B11IJQ1C734971


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 1:35 PM EST

Dog Food in South Africa - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 263 words


The rising prices, new pet by-laws and consumers moving into smaller townhouses
and apartments had a negative impact on dog ownership and therefore the dog food
category. Consumers are opting for smaller pets as opposed to dogs that need a
more open environment.

The Dog Food in South Africa report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=F823MH8C1734939


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 1:34 PM EST

Dog Food in Singapore - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 297 words


The trend of consumers treating their dogs as part of the family continued in
2011. As pet owners became more health-conscious in their own dietary options,
they were also willing to pay more for nutritional dog food which benefited
their beloved pet dogs. With real GDP growth standing at 5% in 2011, consumer
sentiment remained positive and confident. Therefore, dog food is expected to
experience dynamic current value growth of 6% to reach S$53 million in 2011.

The Dog Food in Singapore report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=782L287TS734818


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 1:34 PM EST

Dog Food in Austria - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 300 words


Dog food is expected to increase by 2% in current value terms in 2011; a year in
which dry dog food accounts for 43% of overall dog food sales. Wet dog food has
been declining over the review period and will account for 39% of overall dog
food sales in 2011. The remaining 18% is accounted for by dog mixers and dog
treats. Dog treats and mixers will be the strongest category in 2011, with a
value increase of 3%. The launch of new products within dog treats was one
reason for growth.

The Dog Food in Austria report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=QWVNTGGTX734822


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                    (At War)

                           December 1, 2011 Thursday

As Soldiers Leave Iraq, Bomb-Sniffing Dogs Stay

BYLINE: ANDREW E. KRAMER

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 953 words



HIGHLIGHT: Handling explosive-sniffing dogs would seem a critically important
area of competence for the police in Iraq, but it has been one they are slow to
pick up.


BAGHDAD - Dogs have emerged as the most valuable bomb detectors in Iraq and
Afghanistan. As a result, some of the canines used by United States forces in
Afghanistan are coming down with post-traumatic stress disorder. And in Iraq,
just as the American army is leaving, a large shipment of American dogs has
arrived, though the Iraqis have been slow to use them.

Iraqi security forces long ago replaced United States and other foreign soldiers
for most routine work at checkpoints with a notable exception: Western
contractors still provide the dog handlers at the entrances to the fortified
government complex in Baghdad.

Handling bomb-sniffing dogs would seem a critically important area of competence
for the police in Iraq, but it has been one they are slow to pick up. The police
are only now deploying large numbers of trained dogs, and say they have only
half as many as needed.

Just this week, attention focused on dog handlers after a suicide attacker
detonated the first car bomb in the Green Zone complex of government buildings
and embassies since 2007, an embarrassment to the Iraqi government. The bomber
was apparently targeting the speaker of Parliament.

Dogs at checkpoints sniff over every car entering the area except those in
official convoys, making it unclear how the explosive-laden vehicle wound up in
the parking lot of the Iraqi Parliament, presumably one of the best-guarded
spots in the country.

That Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. was due to attend meetings in the
American Embassy the following day only underscored the importance of detecting
explosives at the gates to the secured zone.

But Iraq has only a shallow history of using dogs in the police and military.
Baghdad police established the first K-9 unit only in 1974, Gen. Mohammed Hajer
Mushib, a veterinary doctor who started working in the unit in 1985 and now runs
the national police dog program, said in an interview.

More disturbingly, the acquisition of explosive-sniffing dogs was set back by
the Ministry of Interior's misguided purchase in 2009 of hand-held detection
equipment from a British supplier that American military and technical experts
say is useless.

These devices -- pistol shaped pieces of plastic with an antenna-like wand that
is said to point at cars carrying guns or explosives -- are still ubiquitous at
checkpoints, even though the producer has been accused of fraud. Each cost from
$16,500 to $60,000. Critics say they are no more than an explosive divining rod.

Several major car bombs that killed dozens of people passed through checkpoints
equipped with these devices.

Though the wands are still in use, the switch back to dogs is underway. And at a
cost of $8,000 to $18,000 for each dog, depending on their level of training,
there's a clear cost savings over the wands.

But they are a relatively new tool for Iraqi police. When the United States
invaded in 2003, the Baghdad police department had about a dozen dogs, according
to Mr. Mushib. Early in the war, the United States military provided another 30
dogs - a still tiny pack compared to the bomb threat here.

The national police kennel in Baghdad is just now acquiring dogs in large
numbers. And in the wake of a scandal over the ineffectiveness of the
explosive-detecting wands, the United States military in 2010 donated 270
explosive-sniffing dogs to Mr. Mushib's division; the last of them arrived this
week.

On a visit this week, a dozen or so fresh arrivals from the United States were
jumping and barking in their cages, wild eyed. Mr. Mushib now has 310 dogs
deployed in all provinces of Iraq. Of these, 302 are trained to sniff
explosives, and 8 narcotics. (For now, the police here do not use dogs trained
for other law enforcement or military tasks, like finding cadavers, patrolling
perimeters or de-mining.) Mr. Mushib, who was dismissive -- though
diplomatically so -- of the explosive wands his ministry colleagues bought, said
the Ministry of Interior would eventually need about 600 explosive-sniffing dogs
.

"Dogs in Iraq have proven more effective than the sensors we have," he said. The
police must build kennels with reliable air conditioning and secure stores of
food and veterinary care before buying dogs, he said, slowing the buildup of
sniffer dogs planned as the United States withdraws.

Once in Iraq, the American-trained dogs are assigned to a handler and operate
together "until the dog dies or the handler dies," Mr. Mushib said.

In a demonstration, dogs and handlers ran into a yard. For the animal, finding a
bomb is a game. The dog dashed between boxes set out in a yard, and then sat
down by the one containing C-4, a military explosive. The handler threw him a
toy, called a Kong, as a reward.

This is also the practice at checkpoints. If a dog signals a bomb is in a car,
the handler will throw the dog a toy - and also alert other police officers to
search the car or call in combat engineers, called sappers, who clear the bomb.

At checkpoints, the driver and all passengers are ordered to get out and stand
out of view of the car before the dog sniffs it - preventing a suicide bomber
from detonating the moment a dog signal explosives by sitting down.

Mr. Mushib said the Iraqi police K-9 unit would continue to acquire
American-trained dogs for some time, as the country lacks a breeding program.
The handlers and dogs will be sufficiently qualified to guard the government
complex by late next year, he said.

"There's nothing better than a K-9," he said. "Even the Americans depend on
them."


     ·    U.S. Military Press Office Iraq, Signing Off
     ·    As American Bases Dwindle, Soldiers Have Less Time to Dwell
     ·    Iraq War Presidential Drop In
     ·    In Iraq, New Leadership but Same Reality
     ·    Wave of Attacks Target Iraqi Security Forces


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2011 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PR.com (Content Enterprises)

                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 8:49 AM EST

Specialist Dog Breeders South Side Dogs Announce New Weimaraners Up for Adoption

LENGTH: 308 words


Worcester, NY, December 01, 2011 --(PR.com)-- Western New York State's leading
dog breeding experts South Side Dogs have recently announced that they now have
a wide selection of friendly and highly intelligent Weimaraners available for
adoption by suitable families.

South Side Dogs' new Wiemaraners are the ideal family pet for those who are
searching for a dog that is not only obedient but also easily trained to
complete a multitude of tasks. Many families are now choosing to adopt
Wiermaraners ahead of other breeds because of their friendly demeanor in the
presence of both people and other animals. For example, this breed of dog is
highly suitable for those who have cats and other dogs in their home as they are
highly sociable and can quickly acclimate to any household environment. Weighing
on average about 60lbs at full maturity, Wiermaraners are also known as agile
swimmers due to their webbed feet.

One of the benefits of adopting pets through South Side Dogs is that animals
sold through the company are trained before adoption to prevent behavioral
issues from occurring during the dog's transition to the new family. This means
that prospective owners can simply select the type of breed they want without
worrying about potential problems further down the line.

About South Side Dogs:

South Side Dogs are quickly gaining a reputation as New York State's top dog
breeding organization. The litters that are produced for each breed emanate from
dogs of champion bloodlines, which ensures the genetic quality of each animal
available for adoption from this standout leader in the field.

###

Contact Information:

South Side Dogs

Frank Popolizo

518-588-0188

Contact via Email

www.southsidedogs.com

Click here to read the full story: Specialist Dog Breeders South Side Dogs
Announce New Weimaraners Up for Adoption

Press Release Distributed by PR.com


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CTNT-111863

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 PR.com


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Blogging Authors

                     November 29, 2011 Tuesday 9:47 AM EST

Renting an Apartment and Having a Dog: Four Myths

BYLINE: Admin

LENGTH: 1019 words


Guest Post by Jackie Phillips

This section is one of my favorites because I have been hearing these myths for
many, many years. I think these myths originate from a person's individual
perspective. One of the reasons I am writing this book is to expand a person's
perspective on what can be done and to give a dog and owner the chance to
experience a whole new perspective, and to say, "Yes! These things can be done."

Myth One: Dogs need a lot of space with a big house and a yard

Actually, having a large yard to keep a dog prevents the owner from spending
quality time with the dog. If left outside, dogs will find their own
entertainment which commonly comes in the form of digging, chewing, barking and
fence jumping.

If you provide adequate outside, one-on-one exercise with a dog, the dog will
come home and rest or sleep anyway.

Many owners use a large yard as an excuse to not spend time with their dogs
since they feel that the dog is getting adequate exercise in the yard.

Myth Two: Only certain breeds can live in an apartment

Some people believe that some dogs cannot live in apartments due to their size,
coat, breed or mix and other factors. However, that is not necessarily so.
Rather, it is better to say that some breeds will certainly require more work
and attention on the owner's part in order to live in an apartment. Some dogs
such as those from the herding, terrier, working, and sporting breed groups,
will require more exercise than others. Examples of these breeds would be Border
Collies, Jack Russell Terriers, Golden and Labrador Retrievers and Beagles. Some
dogs will require more grooming to control shedding. This would include any of
the Nordic breeds like Alaskan Malamutes, Siberian Huskies and American Eskimo
breeds, as well as German Shepherd Dogs and many other double-coated breeds.
Some dogs will require more socialization due to inherent shyness or aloofness
like Border Collies and Sighthounds like Afghans and Greyhounds. Another group
of dogs that would need more socialization would be dogs with a previous lack of
proper socialization around dogs, people and urban noises like buses and
traffic.

All dogs can be properly kept in an apartment

Some dogs will need more of a time commitment from the owner with more exercise
and mind stimulation and grooming. If the owner understands this ahead of time,
then any size dog can be kept inside an apartment.

The reason why some apartments only allow small dogs is because they falsely
believe that small dogs cause less trouble. Since all dogs can bite, no matter
the size, a poorly behaved small dog can cause a lot of problems. Some property
managers allow only small dogs because small dogs leave smaller messes behind.
If the management enforced that all owners clean up after their dogs, than the
size of the dog makes no difference. Many apartment managers also seem to agree
that only small dogs can be kept in apartments because they believe that medium
and large dogs need an abundant amount of exercise. However, many small dogs,
like terriers and beagles, need a lot of exercise.

Myth Three: Dogs can't be happy in an apartment

Many people believe that a dog is only happy when they are running loose on
acres and acres of open land. This misunderstanding may come from a past
lifestyle in which somebody lived on acres of land and the family dogs were
allowed to run loose. That is what they knew. Certainly, that is an acceptable
way of life for many people and their dogs. There is nothing wrong with that.
And I believe that if those particular dogs were suddenly transported from their
country home to an urban apartment, the dogs, as well as the people, would go
into culture shock and many changes would have to occur. However, the changes
could be made. The people would adjust and the dog would adjust with the proper
guidance. The change certainly could take place if somebody followed the steps
describe in this book.

Myth Four: One might be OK, but more than one is just too many

This myth comes from property owners who use this as an excuse to prevent
renting to a possible tenant if they have more than one pet. Many property
owners also believe that children can't be happy in an apartment, but they can't
say that to a parent because it is illegal to discriminate against children in
rentals. However, most laws don't prevent a property owner from discriminating
against a dog owner, unless you are elderly or disabled or living in assisted
housing.Greyhounds. Another group of dogs that would need more socialization
would be dogs with a previous lack of proper socialization around dogs, people
and urban noises like buses and traffic.

Along the same lines are the restrictions that governments put on owners stating
that only a certain number of animals can be allowed in a household. That
restriction is illegal to make for children; however, it is not illegal to say
about animals. Therefore, these restrictions are made because there is nothing
stopping property owners from making them. The number of animals in a household
has absolutely nothing to do with an individual's ability to properly care for
an animal. One person may not be able to care for a single dog on ten acres, but
another responsible person can take care of five animals in a studio apartment.

**This excerpt comes from my published book: "Renting with Rex: How You, Your
Dog, Your Landlord and Your Neighbors Can All Thrive in Rental Housing."

Since 1984 Jackie Phillips has been renting with dogs, cats, birds and rabbits
in the San Francisco Bay Area and Northern California. She lived in a wide
variety of types and sizes of rentals. During these experiences, she has seen a
wide variety of landlords, property owners, managers, roommates and rental
agreements. She also volunteered and worked in shelters and have seen many
animals surrendered to shelters because their owners were unable to find a place
to live. Her main objective for this book is to prevent another animal from
loosing their home.

You can visit her general website at www.thesocialpet.com. You can reach her 24
hours a day at jackie@thesocialpet.com


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: RDVW-5634

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                        Copyright 2011 Blogging Authors


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                     November 24, 2011 Thursday 4:33 PM EST

Report: Mars Remains Clear Leader in the Russian Dog Food Market

LENGTH: 787 words


The market for dog food in Russia grew by 15% in 2010 to reach RUB15 billion,
while volume sales grew by 5% to reach 167,368 tonnes. The performance of
Russian dog food improved with easing economic conditions, although this was
primarily driven by value gains focused on the major cities. Dog treats again
showed the fastest growth in current value sales, increasing by 20% albeit from
a very low base. Average unit prices saw some increase, driven by the growth of
premium products and causing value growth to far exceed volume performance. Mars
OOO remained the clear leader in Russian dog food in 2009 with a value share of
56%. The Russian dog food market's constant value sales are expected to grow at
a CAGR of 8% over the forecast period, with volume sales expected to show a
similar rise in CAGR at almost 9%.

Trends

The financial crisis of 2008-09 had an undeniable impact on pet food and pet
care as a whole, although levels of growth improved again in 2010. Recent years
saw unemployment rise and disposable incomes fall, while pet populations saw a
weaker performance in the second half of the review period, all of which
influenced the performance of dog food, as some owners traded down to cheaper
food alternatives, or put off buying animals.

Competitive Landscape

Mars OOO remained the dominant leader in dog food in 2009, claiming a value
share of 56% with a strong portfolio of brands that includes trusted and
well-established names such as Chappi and Pedigree. In terms of brand share,
Pedigree remains the favourite dog food amongst Russian pet owners, accounting
for 29% of value sales in 2009, which reflects no real movement on the previous
year and it maintains its lead in both the dry and wet mid-priced category.
Chappi meanwhile comfortably remains in second position, given its presence in
both the economy wet and dry dog food categories. Mars consolidated its position
with a number of new launches over the review period, making it one of the most
active players within dog food in terms of new products despite suffering
problems in 2009, as the Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary
Surveillance in Russia effectively removed licenses for the importation of pet
food into Russia from many foreign suppliers, impacting on the Pedigree and
Whiskas brand.

Prospects

The dog food category looks set to see a strong performance going into the
forecast period, with constant value growth falling in line with volume growth
as the economic situation improves. As the situation stabilises in Russia,
consumers will begin to trade up to higher quality and premium brands in greater
numbers over the second half of the forecast period, while consumers put off
prepared food during 2008-2010 due to financial hardship will return to the
category and support the performance of mid-priced and economy categories.
Overall growth will be encouraged by new launches, particularly those offering
more specialised and tailored nutrition, improvements in distribution and
increased investment in advertising. Demand will continue to be split along
urban and rural lines, with most growth continuing to come from the major
cities, given consumers' higher levels of income and greater inclination towards
pet humanisation. The level of growth is expected to reach a peak in 2012, as
the effects of the financial crisis finally pass and economic growth returns at
a stronger level.

Report Scope

The Dog Food in Russia report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2005-2009, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2014 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and
Cat Food, Standard Premium Dog and Cat Food, Super Premium Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=1VX48E0JI733063


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PR.com (Content Enterprises)

                     November 24, 2011 Thursday 8:10 AM EST

Dayton Dog Blog Aims to be Single Source of Dog News in the Miami Valley

LENGTH: 307 words


Dayton, OH, November 24, 2011 --(PR.com)-- The Dayton Dog Blog
(http://daytondogblog.com) has launched with the goal of becoming "your source
for everything dog in Dayton."

"On Valentine's Day 2010, we made a life-changing decision to adopt Izzy, a
rescue mutt," said Ryan and Loretta Good, creators of the Dayton Dog Blog.
"Since that time, Izzy has become an integral and inseparable part of our
family. We take Izzy with us whenever we can, wherever we can; however, there's
not a comprehensive place to look online for all the dog-related news in the
Miami Valley. So, we've started the Dayton Dog Blog to be that source for other
dog owners."

The Dayton Dog Blog will include stories, tips, photographs, and videos of
interest for dog lovers, with a particular focus on dog news and events in the
Greater Dayton, Ohio, area. The blog will also feature an Event Calendar to
capture all of the dog-related happenings in the Miami Valley. National dog news
and events also will be included from time to time.

You can subscribe to the Dayton Dog Blog via RSS or follow the blog on Facebook
(http://facebook.com/daytondogblog) or Twitter
(http://twitter.com/daytondogblog).

To share dog-related news or have an event added to the Dayton Dog Blog
Calendar, email daytondogblog@gmail.com

About the Dayton Dog Blog

The Dayton Dog Blog is your source for everything dog in Dayton, Ohio. The blog
features stories, tips, photographs, and videos of interest for dogs and the
people who love them. The blog also includes an Events Calendar filled with dog
-focused happenings in Greater Dayton. (www.daytondogblog.com)

###

Contact Information:

Dayton Dog Blog

Loretta Good

937-776-0480

Contact via Email

www.daytondogblog.com

Click here to read the full story: Dayton Dog Blog Aims to be Single Source of
Dog News in the Miami Valley

Press Release Distributed by PR.com


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CTNT-111863

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 PR.com


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Virtual PR Agency

                     November 24, 2011 Thursday 9:09 PM EST

Dogs show off their paw power at Peak Village

LENGTH: 371 words


The dog stars were out at Peak Village Outlet Shopping Centre in Rowsley once
more as canine contestants gathered on 20 November for the Festive Dog Show
2011. Peak Village has hosted two successful dog shows this year, which continue
to prove hugely popular and on the serious side, raise vital finds for animal
charities. £403.88 was raised this year for the canine charity Just for Dogs,
and £210 for St Francis' Cat Hospice. Over £600 in total is testament to the
generosity of shoppers at what is a tough time for many.

Santa's Little Helper: (Left to right) Tenneka Marshall of Hope Valley with
Rosko - and Father Christmas!With 12 categories, from 'prettiest bitch' to 'best
crossbreed', Peak Village was packed with a huge array of people and their
pooches, although the most talked about category was 'best fancy dress' -
meaning dog, owner, or both and not forgetting, 'the dog Santa would most like
to take home'!

The charity Just for Dogs, founded back in 1997 by people with just one agenda -
to rescue and re-home abandoned dogs. The charity relies solely on charitable
donations and fundraising events so the generosity of Peak Village shoppers last
Sunday will go a long way to help many dogs at what can be a difficult time of
year for dog charities who still have to remind people that 'a dog is for life
and not just for Christmas.'

"Our dog shows this year have proved a great success and the festive show was no
exception," said Terrence Morgan of Peak Village. "The event was a great way to
kick off our fun programme for the festive season. Everyone had a great time not
only joining in with the show but also helping with the serious side of raising
a large sum of money for a very worthwhile charity."

Festive fun is already on the right track at Peak Village, as Father Christmas
arrived at the weekend on the Santa Express to switch on the lights and take up
residence in the grotto designed by local schoolchildren. This will be followed
up in the coming weeks with everything from Indoor markets selling local arts,
crafts and antiques to carol singers.

For more information visit the Peak Village Outlet website:
www.peakvillage.co.uk

ENDS Press enquiries:

Katayune Jacquin

Tel 07590634717

www.BeyondPR.co.uk


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: PRFR-111362

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                      Copyright 2011 The Virtual PR Agency


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     SBWire

                    November 23, 2011 Wednesday 6:04 AM EST

Royal Canin a Nutritionally Tailored Dog Food

LENGTH: 512 words


It is critical that dogs receive a healthy, balanced diet, in order for them to
maintain optimal health and Royal Canin dog food can help to achieve this.

Redditch, Worcestershire -- (SBWIRE) -- 11/23/2011 -- Dog owners will be aware
of the fact that dogs come in all shapes and sizes and as man's best friend, it
is important that we treat them in the way that they deserve. Just as humans are
more prone to illnesses and infections when they are not eating the correct
diet, so are dogs. Making sure that dogs gain the correct nutrients, without too
much unwanted fat and energy, is just as important as humans making sure that
the food they eat meets their body's nutritional needs.

Royal Canin Dog Food products are based upon Royal Canin's extensive knowledge
of dogs, obtained through numerous studies at their own centre, as well as
through partnerships with leading veterinary schools and universities, and
continued advice from breeders and vets across the world. Royal Canin UK makes
all of its food to the strictest of quality requirements, ensuring that it is
absolutely safe. One food does not fit every dog - Royal Canin recognises this
and, as a result, takes into account age, breed, activity and lifestyle when
creating their canine diets.

The wide range of Royal Canin Dog Food is divided into three main categories:
Royal Canin Veterinary Diets, Canine Vet Care Nutrition and Canine Breed
Nutrition - which are available from online pet pharmacy. Royal Canin Veterinary
diets for dogs are formulated for the nutritional support of dogs with specific
clinical conditions and are designed to be used under the recommendation of a
veterinarian. One of the most popular dog foods in this range is the Royal Canin
Veterinary Diet: Sensitivity Control Canine which helps dogs who have food
hypersensitivity and food intolerance issues - this product must be recommended
by a vet. Royal Canin's Canine Vet Care Nutrition range offers an exclusive
lifestyle diet that is suited to your dog's nutritional needs, whatever their
size or stage in life. In addition, Royal Canin's Canine Breed Nutrition is a
range of breed-specific dog food that has been developed to meet the needs and
particularities of different breeds.

The main source of energy and nutrition that dogs have is the dog food that
their owners buy them. As a result of this, choosing the correct pet food for
the dog in question is crucial. In the same way that choosing the cheapest food
from the supermarket shelf is unlikely to give people all of the nutrients that
they need, cheap dog food is also unlikely to hold all of the nutrients,
vitamins and minerals that a dog needs to stay happy and healthy. It is critical
that dogs receive a healthy, balanced diet, in order for them to maintain
optimal health and Royal Canin dog food can help to achieve this.

For more information on this press release visit:
http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/sbwire-115748.htm

Media Relations Contact

Emilie Cook

Vetpharmacy

Telephone: 0800 0241 329

Email: Click to Email Emilie Cook

Web: http://www.vetpharmacy.co.uk/


LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SBWI-7162

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 SBWire


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                      November 21, 2011 Monday 4:17 PM EST

Dog Food in the Philippines - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 303 words


Polarisation in dog food continued to thrive in 2010 because of the existence of
both price-sensitive and quality-conscious dog owners. Premiumisation became
more apparent amongst upper-middle and affluent dog lovers in 2010 as they
preferred to feed their pets with specialised products based on the
recommendation of their veterinarians and because of the ongoing health and
wellness trend. In contrast, economy brands remained favourable to mass market
Filipinos as these were more economical but...

The Dog Food in Philippines report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=M6U7YH567729862


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                      November 21, 2011 Monday 4:17 PM EST

Dog Food in Japan - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 285 words


Dog food sales are expected to decrease by 4% in current value terms in 2011,
faster than the negative 1% CAGR recorded over the review period, to reach ¥224
billion. The main reason for the faster decline is the fall in the dog
population and the ageing trend. As the number of senior dogs increases,
consumption per dog declines. This is predicted to see retail volume sales
contract by 12% in 2011.

The Dog Food in Japan report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape
of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data
2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies
the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key
factors influencing the market - be they new product developments, distribution
or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=DCKMNJV1Z729866


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            CompaniesandMarkets.com

                      November 21, 2011 Monday 4:17 PM EST

Dog Food in Colombia - Market Report - new report released

LENGTH: 302 words


As Colombia recovers from the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, and
while pets are increasingly considered to be part of the family, volume sales of
dog food are expected to perform well in 2011, growing by 7%. This growth is
faster than the volume CAGR of 5% seen in the review period. While volume growth
remained positive in the review period, even during 2008 and 2009 at the height
of the global financial crisis, growth decelerated significantly as compared to
previous years such as...

The Dog Food in Colombia report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and
shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales
data 2006-2010, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It
identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic
analysis of key factors influencing the market - be they new product
developments, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2015 illustrate how
the market is set to change.

Product coverage: Cat Food by Price Platform, Cat Treats and Mixers, Dog Food by
Price Platform, Dog Treats and Mixers, Dry Cat Food, Dry Dog and Cat Food, Dry
Dog Food, Economy Dog and Cat Food, Mid-Priced Dog and Cat Food, Non-Therapeutic
Dog and Cat Food, Premium Dog and Cat Food, Therapeutic Dog and Cat Food, Wet
Cat Food, Wet Dog and Cat Food, Wet Dog Food.

Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand
shares and distribution data.

Why buy this report?

* Get a detailed picture of the Dog Food market;

* Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change;

* Understand the competitive environment, the market's major players and leading
brands;

* Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop.

Report Title: http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/r.ashx?id=Y49F1LJUG729870


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: CMMR-6848

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                     Copyright 2011 CompaniesandMarkets.com


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                DownWithTyranny

                     November 18, 2011 Friday 11:33 PM EST

Balanced Budget Amendment-- A Whole Lotta Nothing

LENGTH: 666 words


http://www.youtube.com/embed/RR74klE3urA

Today, unexpectedly, the House failed to pass the Boehner's and Cantor's
gimmicky and highly destructive Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution,
261-165. As we saw Wednesday, last time they tried this trick (1995), one
Republican with a spine, Senator Mark Hatfield (R-OR), shot it down in the
Senate. There are no longer any Republicans like that-- and the Democrats are
far worse today than they were in 1995. But 4 Republican extremists, for their
own crazy reasons-- Ryan, Amash, Dreier and Gohmert--voted against it. After a
menacing warning from Utah reactionary Jim Matheson that "If any Blue Dog does
not vote for it, I'd have to question how much they're a Blue Dog," every Blue
Dog did vote for it-- except 7, Joe Baca (CA), Kurt Schrader (OR), Adam Schiff
(CA) Mike Michaud (ME), David Scott (GA), Mike Thompson (CA), Loretta Sanchez
(CA)-- as did 5 right-wing Democrats who run with that mangy, treacherous crowd.

Blue Dogs and other scummy, cowardly excuses for Democrats who barked along with
Boehner today:

Jason Altmire (Blue Dog-PA)

John Barrow (Blue Dog-GA)

Sanford Bishop (Blue Dog-GA)

Dan Boren (Blue Dog-OK)

Leonard Boswell (Blue Dog-IA)

Dennis Cardoza (Blue Dog-CA)

Ben Chandler (Blue Dog-KY)

Jim Cooper (Blue Dog-TN)

Jim Costa (Blue Dog-CA)

Jerry Costello (quasi Blue Dog-IL)

Henry Cuellar (Blue Dog-TX)

Pete DeFazio (D-OR)

Joe Donnelly (Blue Dog-IN)

Kathy Hochul (D-NY)

Tim Holden (Blue Dog-PA)

Jay Inslee (D-WA)

Ron Kind (D-WI)

Larry Kissell (quasi Blue Dog-NC)

Lipinski Junior (quasi Blue Dog-IL)

Dave Loebsack (D-IA)

Jim Matheson (Blue Dog-UT)

Mike McIntyre (Blue Dog-NC)

Collin Peterson (Blue Dog-MN)

Mike Ross (Blue Dog-AR)

Heath Shuler (Blue Dog-NC)

One of the main collaborators with the Republicans was ultra-conservative North
Carolina Blue Dog Heath Shuler, a co-chair of a caucus dedicated fully to the
agenda of the 1%. Shuler is in for a tough primary battle this cycle at the
hands of populist Asheville City Councilman Cecil Bothwell. Earlier today
Bothwell had an interesting read on the whole Balanced Budget nonsense. He told
us that "One of the principal reasons the 13 colonies quickly organized
themselves into a confederacy and then a nation was to borrow money from Europe
to fight a war with the English King. Borrowing in the name of and for the
benefit of the people is an essential function of national governance. The
Balanced Budget Amendment would do irreparable harm to the ability of the United
States government to address the needs of the people, particularly in periods of
crisis, in a timely and effective manner."

With a Republican Party wedded inexorably to a Grover Norquist pledge to never,
under any circumstances, raise taxes on the wealthy-- and a conflicted and
disabled Democratic Party unable to muster the courage or conviction to do
anything about it-- a Balanced Budget Amendment would have meant the end to all
progress, forever, for the United States... and a locking in of a caste system
the 1% is so eager to enforce. Bye-bye New Deal, the Republican Party wet dream
for the past 75 years.

Suppose, for example, society decides a better goal than the rich getting richer
and the rapidly growing poor becoming serfs, would be to reverse the
environmental damage that is threatening humanity and, oh, say, eliminating
poverty. Sounds like perfectly respectable-- and achievable-- goals, right? Not
if a Balanced Budget Amendment ever passes. Locked in would be any possibility
of redesigning a toxic economic system that has been allowed to run roughshod
over society. Remember this sentence from David Korten: "If government doesn't
make and enforce the rules necessary to maintain fair and efficient market
allocation, the market's most powerful corporate players make their own rules to
suit their financial advantage, and society pays the price." And that, after
all, is exactly what was just voted on. And even if the two-thirds rule kept it
from passing, a big majority of these idiots voted for it.


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: DOWT-7597

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                         Copyright 2011 DownWithTyranny


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Slashfood

                     November 18, 2011 Friday 10:25 PM EST

Food & Wine: Hot Dog Time

BYLINE: Food & Wine

LENGTH: 490 words


By Kate Krader, Restaurant Editor, Food & Wine

Follow Kate on Twitter: @kkrader

Guess what food Lady Gaga chose to showcase at a recent Vanity Fair photo shoot.
Not a grilled version of her infamous raw meat dress. Not a lobster hat made
with different shellfish. She selected a mustard-slathered hot dog (to eat, not
to wear). If Lady Gaga is now focused on hot dogs, then let's focus on them,
too.

Slideshow: Great Hot Dog Recipes

HD1, Atlanta. At this just-opened spot, Top Chef winner Richard Blais turns his
attention from avant-garde burgers to inspired hot dogs. Believe it or not, he
has a classic hot dog with sauerkraut (note, the mustard is house made). The
chicken-apple sausage comes with herbed crème fraîche and sour grape relish; for
vegetarians, there's this note on the menu: "Sous vide carrot may be substituted
for any dog."

Slideshow: Best Burgers in the U.S.

Senate, Cincinnati. I'm happy just reading the names of the dogs on the menu at
this genius Cincinnati gastropub. Among the selections: the Trailer Park
(bacon-wrapped dog, American cheese, coleslaw, crushed Grippo's chips) and the
Hello Kitty (with wasabi mayo and ponzu coleslaw). There's also a "Hot Dog of
the Day"; it's market price, depending, I suppose, on the going price of franks
that day.

Slideshow: Best Pizza Places in the U.S.

Crif Dogs, New York City. Who doesn't want to be able to have a bacon-wrapped
deep-fried hot dog after a long night of drinking artisanal cocktails at a
speakeasy? No one I want to hang out with. The Crif Dogs menu pays homage to
everything from natural disasters--the Tsunami is a bacon-wrapped hot dog with
teriyaki sauce, pineapple and green onions -- to other iconic sandwiches (the
Philly tubesteak is "casually attired in cheese and sautéed onions"). If you'd
rather do your hot dog eating in Brooklyn, there's a new Williamsburg location
that's helpfully open until 4 AM.

Slideshow: Ultimate Bacon Recipes

Dirty Franks Hot Dog Palace, Columbus. Whoever created the menu at Dirty Franks
must have a Ph.D. in hot dogs. There are at least seven types of dogs to choose
from, three bun options, almost three dozen toppings (from fire kraut to Fritos)
and I can't even count how many specialty combinations. Among the options: the
Slappy Pappy's Super Sloppy comes with bacon, coney sauce, cheddar, sour cream
and french fries; the Picnic Table is topped with baked beans, sweet-hot cabbage
& carrot slaw, relish and chip crumbs; and the Glenn Beck is "just a plain, old
wiener."

Slideshow: Best Fried Chicken in the U.S.

7-11 Hot Dog Potato Chips, Nationwide. If you've ever eaten a potato chip
before, you probably knew there's no visible signs of hot dog in the newest
flavor of potato chip from 7-11. What's more, there's apparently not even any
meat in these chips. What there is, however, is the solid flavor of mustard,
relish and, however it's done, 7-11's own Bit Bit hot dogs.

Slideshow: America's Wacky State Fair Food


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: AOLB-5159

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                            Copyright 2011 Slashfood


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     SBWire

                    November 16, 2011 Wednesday 6:47 PM EST

India's First Online Community of Dog Lovers Founded

LENGTH: 551 words


New Delhi, India -- (SBWIRE) -- 11/16/2011 -- DogZone.in, devoted to the needs
of India's dog owners and dog lovers, was recently launched. It caters to a
growing need among India's millions of dog lovers to socialize and share
information.

For centuries, dogs have been known to be the perfect companions, but it is now
more than ever, that their need is felt. With rising incomes and economic
growth, India is seeing an increase in stress related ailments as well. A
growing number of Indian households are adopting dogs in order to benefit from
their therapeutic effects. According to Euromonitor International, India's Pet
Industry is dominated by dogs which hold more than 80% share. However, all these
people do not have a way to communicate with each other. This is where
DogZone.in comes in.

Gaurav Saxena, an MBA specializing in Marketing, and a self-proclaimed "huge fan
of dogs", launched DogZone.in when he felt the need to get in touch with other
dog owners. "I have always loved dogs. Some time back, I had adopted a dog and
like any other new parent, I had thousands of questions. However, I was
restricted to just my social circle to get any help. Online resources are
available, but they are directed towards American and European audiences. Our
requirements are different and we face many issues here that are specific to
India only."

This lead to the creation of DogZone.in, an online community that aims to unite
all dog lovers in India and provide a platform to communicate, share and
socialize.

"Thousands of Indians become first-time dog owners each month. They have lots of
questions and misconceptions and usually go with the trial-and-error method of
raising dogs" says Saxena. "I hope DogZone.in will be able to change this. If
information is available so easily, I am sure people will utilize it and ensure
that they raise healthy, mentally sound Dogs."

The website has started getting new registrations from dog lovers all over
India. Khushboo, one of the first registrants said "This is a great initiative.
I have always wanted to meet others who like dogs and share the same passion
towards them that I have. The website tools encourage social activities and I am
sure this will become a very informative social website once we get more
members"

At present only a handful of websites cater to this niche but it is picking up
speed. "The era of one-way communication is over. People prefer a social
platform instead of browsing through scores of articles. DogZone.in is the only
portal which allows members to connect and interact with others which makes it
unique in this segment. We are already seeing a large number of sign-ups as
people realize the value that this website provides" claims Saxena.

"I hope that with this initiative, we are able to increase awareness about dogs
and make life easier for dogs as well as their owners" he concludes.

About DogZone.in

DogZone.in is a start-up online social community catering to dog lovers across
India. The website features discussion boards, photo albums, videos,
classifieds, blogs and more.

For more information on this press release visit:
http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/sbwire-114741.htm

Media Relations Contact

Sadhana Sa

Account Manager

DogZone.in

Telephone: 7665677770

Email: Click to Email Sadhana Sa

Web: http://www.dogzone.in


LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: SBWI-7162

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 SBWire


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     IBWire

                     November 15, 2011 Tuesday 2:44 PM EST

The website AllTypesOfDogs.org proposes to offer information about the different
dog types

LENGTH: 411 words


(IBWire.com November 15, 2011) - The AllTypesOfDogs.org editor, Daniel Caine,
talks about understanding how dogs are classified by the tasks they perform
rather than by breed. In short the most popular types of dogs include apartment
dogs, companion dogs, service dogs, etc.

The site includes articles on the top apartment dog breeds. Topics such as how
to deal with misbehaving dogs, how different breeds treat children or strangers,
changes in exercise requirements and health issues. For example "Labrador
Retrievers are not exactly your typical household pet. Most people want some
kind of dog that can be left alone for at least a few hours every day, and
doesnít require too much involvement on their part".

Companion dogs "are known as manís best friend because, for a very long time,
they have been performing important tasks and coordinating with humans. These
canines donít do any intricate work. Their job is to be your pet" Daniel says.
However they are still the most popular types of dogs in the world. Daniel
observes that some of the most popular companion dogs are Labrador Retrievers,
Bichon Frise as well as Golden Retrievers and Bulldog types of dogs.

Service dogs are special kinds of dogs that are trained to perform various
tasks. The most intelligent and obedient dog breeds are chosen for a special
breeding program after which they are assigned to people with disabilities in
order to help them by performing the specific tasks required by each person.
This is why every service dog is trained for a specific individual, and no two
service dogs are alike. However as Danny says "While there are many types of
service dogs all of them are required to resist distraction when in public. It
is expected that the dog will have the ability to focus especially under
pressure. Many dogs are trained to ignore distraction when wearing service dog
gear, yet be relaxed when they arenít".

Lap dogs "are generally small dogs. Some lap dogs have been bred for extremely
small size, such as the Russian lap dog albeit extinct. Most lap dogs have a
normal sized counterpart yet they show unmistakable differences". A warning as
larger dogs can grow up thinking they are lap dogs and will literally try to
walk over you. Take care not to give them that impression.

If you would like to find out more about different types of dogs and popular dog
types such as hunting dogs, service dogs, lap dogs, guard dogs and apartment
dogs check http://www.AllTypesOfDogs.org


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog

JOURNAL-CODE: IBWR-111263

                           Copyright 2011 Newstex LLC
                              All Rights Reserved
                               Newstex Web Blogs
                             Copyright 2011 IBWire
